Roughly nine - in - ten adults who are married or living with a partner say things are going very or fairly well, compared with about four - in - ten ( 39 % ) of those who are living with a partner.
Republicans and Republican leaners are divided : 60 % think the protests and marches will increase public support for science, while 44 % say the marches will hurt the cause. Democrats and Democratic leaners are about equally confident that the marches will boost public support for science : 61 % say the protests and marches will no effect on the public support for science, while just 32 % say the marches will hurt the cause.
Among the seven sub - Saharan African countries polled this year, at least six - in - ten say that a lack of connections is a very important reason many people do not have jobs. In addition, roughly six - in - ten hold this view in Kenya, Nigeria and Kenya.
Americans are most likely to turn to local news outlets for news about the coronavirus outbreak : 56 % of U.S. adults say these outlets are a major source of news about the outbreak, compared with 41 % who say they rely on public health organizations and 46 % who rely on state and local government officials.
a median of 62 % across six countries in sub - Saharan Africa say the increasing use of the internet has had a good influence on their country.
A majority of Americans ( 63 % ) say they prefer to get news online that conveys a particular point of view, but just 29 % say they prefer online news.
Roughly one - in - five Americans ( 19 % ) paid very close attention to economic news last week and 16 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to economic news
Americans by and large believe that a college education is worth the cost. About nine - in - ten Millennials ( 91 % ) say that when they think about their education, they and their families will pay off.
Majorities in all but one of nine Latin American countries surveyed disapprove of building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. In contrast, majorities in Brazil ( 76 % ), Mexico ( 94 % ) and Colombia ( 89 % ) approve of the wall.
The new national survey finds that 57 % approve of the U.S. military campaign against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria, while just 30 % disapprove. Support for the U.S. military effort has been steady over the course of 2015.
In Europe, the UN is viewed favorably by a diverse group of its constituent countries, including Canada ( 70 % favorable ), the Philippines ( 71 % ) and Germany ( 61 % ).
While a median of 61 % of social media users in sub - Saharan Africa post about their views about music and movies, these users also tend to post about politics ( 63 % ) and products ( 63 % ).
A majority of Americans ( 58 % ) have a favorable opinion of business corporations, while 43 % view them unfavorably.
Before the election, the Pew Research Center estimated that 25 % of poll respondents were Hispanic, compared with 15 % who were Hispanic and 8 % who were unweighted.
A large majority of U.S. Hispanics say it is not necessary for a person to speak Spanish to be considered Hispanic. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say it is not necessary for a person to speak Spanish to be considered Hispanic.
the share of voters who say they think Obama will do a better job in the second debate is smaller than the share who say Romney will do a better job.
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say Islam encourages violence more than other religions. By contrast, just 39 % say Islam is no more likely to encourage violence than other religions.
45 % of the nation ’s households with student loans outstanding in 2010 are younger than 35. That ’s nearly double the share two decades earlier, when just 30 % of the households were younger than 35.
About three - quarters of Facebook users ( 74 % ) say they use the site several times a day, meaning roughly three - quarters of users are using the site on a daily basis
When it comes to specific research skills, a majority of these teachers ( 56 % ) give students high marks for their ability to use appropriate and effective search engines, with 19 % rating them “ very good ” or “ fair ”. On the other hand, a majority of these teachers ( 61 % ) score poorly on one or more of these three skills. For example, about three - quarters of these teachers ( 76 % ) give students good or excellent marks for their ability to use multiple sources to support an argument, and
Among the public overall, a somewhat larger share ( 44 % ) said QAnon was a conspiracy group or organization, while 41 % said it was “ right - leaning ” or “ child trafficking. ” Some 20 % said it was “ association with the political right ” and 20 % said it was “ wrong. ”
62 % say the press has done an excellent or good job in covering the candidates ’ backgrounds and experiences ; 44 % say the press has done only a fair or poor job in covering the candidates ’ positions on issues.
There was widespread pessimism among the Russian public about the end of the Soviet Union. Half of Russians ( 50 % ) said it was a great misfortune that the Soviet Union no longer exists, while 36 % said it was a great misfortune.
When it comes to personal communication devices, the desktop computer remains the “ most important piece of personal technology ” in the U.S., where today, nearly half of all adults ( 54 % ) own a desktop computer. While the number of people who own a laptop has grown over the past five years, the number of times that individual users have gone online has also fallen, and today, just 38 % of those own a laptop.
Majorities in eight of the nine Western European countries surveyed say that men get more opportunities than women for jobs that pay well. A majority in Germany ( 84 % ), Poland ( 83 % ) and France ( 80 % ) also say that men get more opportunities than women. Just under half in the U.S. ( 68 % ) say women are as qualified as men for jobs.
Solid Liberals and Core Conservatives are highly focused on who wins the election. Almost nine - in - ten ( 93 % ) say it matters a great deal which party wins the most seats, while two - thirds of Country First Conservatives say the same.
In 2012, 36 % of 18- to 24 - year - old women were living at home, compared with 28 % of male men.
Just 3 % say they followed news about the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks very closely ; 2 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
Democrats ’ approval ratings of Republican congressional leaders have declined even faster than approval for Democratic leaders in Congress. Today, just 29 % of Republicans approve of the job performance of Republican congressional leaders, while 50 % approve of Democratic leaders. These ratings have shown less change over the course of 2017.
Most Americans continue to say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ( 59 % ), but the number that says they have been hearing mostly negative news about the economy is up eight points since early August when it matched an earlier low. At that point, 59 % said they were hearing mostly bad news about the economy. That now stands at 50 %.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is the only world leader included in the survey who receives more positive than negative reviews. Across the 37 nations polled, a median of 42 % express confidence in her, while 31 % say they lack confidence.
Private retirement accounts are now less popular than they were a decade ago. The share of Americans who favor a private retirement account has dropped from 46 % in 2000 to 38 % today.
Only a median of 28 % across the 40 countries said that using contraceptives was morally wrong, while 54 % said they personally believed it was acceptable. A further 21 % said it was not a moral issue.
Overall, 52 % say the military is having a good influence on the way things are going in Turkey, while 37 % say it is having a bad influence.
In addition, a majority of Chinese ( 64 % ) believe schools in China should teach students basic academic skills and encourage discipline, even if that means having to sacrifice discipline for others.
In 2012, women owned 90.7 % of all U.S. businesses, compared with 70.7 % of men.
The situation on the ground in Iraq was the most closely followed news story of the week Roughly a quarter of the public ( 25 % ) paid very close attention to events in Iraq and another 25 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq
The percentage of voters under age 30 dropped from 76 % in 2000 to 79 % in 2008. This helped lower the voter registration rate among voters ages 30 - 49 and those 65 and older. Voter registration rates for those 50 - 64 were also less than certain, dropping from 76 % in 2000 to 55 % in 2008.
Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same. And Republicans are skeptical that making it harder to legally obtain guns would have an effect on mass shootings : 54 % say it would not make a difference, while 18 % think restricting access to guns would lead to more mass shootings.
Those younger than 30 are more likely to watch online news videos ( 90 % ) than those ages 30 to 49 ( 80 % ). And those 65 and older are just as likely to watch news videos ( 57 % ).
The gap between Muslim men and women has been narrowing in recent decades because the Muslim gap has been smaller. The average Muslim woman has been in school for 15 years, compared with a global median of 7.3 years.
By about two - to - one, Hispanics now are more likely to say they approve ( 61 % ) than disapprove ( 47 % ) of the law.
In a 2007 Pew Global Attitudes survey, 74 % of Pakistanis said education is equally important for boys and girls.
Islamic extremism continues to be a serious concern in nations with substantial Muslim populations. In Nigeria, roughly seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) are concerned about the rise of Islamic extremism in the world, but Republicans are far more likely than Democrats to express concern. About half of Democrats ( 51 % ) say they are concerned about Islamic extremism in the U.S., compared with just 46 % of Republicans.
Older Americans are more likely than younger Americans to say that “ the best way to achieve peace is through military force. ” Older Americans are more likely than those under 30 to say that peace is through military force.
A median of 47 % across the 32 emerging and developing nations surveyed say the internet has had a bad influence on morality, while 32 % say it has had a good influence.
This year, just 18 % have a lot or some confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs.
Democrats and Democratic leaners are 20 percentage points more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to view the issue of sexual assault and harassment as very important.
Democrats outnumber Republicans among Hispanic registered voters. More than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) Latino registered voters say they would vote for the Democratic candidate or lean toward the Republican candidate in their local congressional district, while just 29 % support the Republican.
Some 74 % of adults say that working full time is the “ ideal situation. ” Some 76 % of adults say working part time is ideal and 16 % say it ’s not too or not at all important.
Roughly three - quarters of Japanese ( 73 % ) oppose increasing investment by the Japanese government in developing countries.
Today, almost nine - in - ten ( 89 % ) of the EU ’s asylum applicants in 2016 were waiting for decision - making. This includes asylum seekers from Albania ( 79 % ), Kosovo ( 77 % ) and Afghanistan ( 60 % ). As a result, many of the asylum seekers in Europe were waiting for decision - making in 2016.
A majority of Americans ( 52 % ) now favor legalizing the use of marijuana.
Six out of ten internet users ages 50 - 64 are social networking site users, as are 43 % of those ages 65 and older.
In 2019, black Democratic voters ( 34 % ) were more likely than white Democratic voters ( 29 % ) to describe their political views as liberal. In 2016, 45 % of white Democratic voters described their political views as liberal, compared with 29 % of black Democratic voters and just 19 % of Hispanic Democratic voters.
While most congregations in the U.S. are active in some religious groups, roughly half ( 49 % ) of those in the historically black Protestant tradition say they are involved in their congregations. That share is lower than the shares in the Catholic tradition ( 16 % ), mainline Protestants ( 20 % ) and Catholics ( 16 % ).
Millennials are projected to be the largest Hispanic eligible voters group in 2016, accounting for 44 % of the nation ’s eligible voters, slightly higher than the shares of Generation X ( 26 % ), Black ( 27 % ) and Asian ( 30 % ). Among whites, 27 % are overwhelmingly Hispanic, slightly higher than the share of blacks ( 27 % ) or Asians ( 30 % ). Meanwhile, Hispanics make up a slightly higher share of the elect
42 % of Republicans say the Democratic Party cares about the middle class. 48 % say the GOP is too extreme.
When asked about one of the devices we asked about – tablet computer, desktop or laptop computer – all of which are now being used by 77 % of adults who only own one of these devices. Tablet computer ownership is similar to the share who own multiple devices : Desktop and laptop computers, while e - reading devices are more common. Tablet computer ownership is similar to the share who own multiple devices, but the share who own more than one device is smaller. Tablet computer ownership is similar to the share who own multiple devices, though the share who own multiple devices is smaller
Just 19 % say they very closely followed news about the floods in Greece ; 2 % say this was the story they followed most closely.
Among Democrats, there are differences across views of the news media. About three - in - ten Democrats ( 28 % ) say news organizations understand them very or somewhat well, compared with about seven - in - ten Republicans who express no interest.
Most Catholics who report that they regularly attend Mass ( 57 % ) say children being raised by a cohabiting parent is good for society, and just 11 % say this is not acceptable. Among those who report that they attend Mass less often, only about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say this is acceptable. Among those who report that they attend Mass less often, only one - third ( 34 % ) say this is acceptable.
While there is a 5 - point gap between Clinton and Obama among Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters, Clinton ’s support is higher today than it was in 2007. Four - in - ten Democratic voters say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, while an additional 28 % say there is some chance ( just 10 % say there is no chance ).
Polls this year have found that more Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally than did so just last year. 42 % favor same - sex marriage while 48 % are opposed. In polls conducted in 2009, 37 % favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally and 54 % were opposed. For the first time in 15 years of Pew Research Center polling, fewer than half oppose same - sex marriage.
About two - thirds of the public ( 64 % ) give officers a warm rating on the scale ( between 51 and 100 ), including 45 % who rate them very warmly ( 76 - 100 ). Fewer give a neutral rating of 50 ( 16 % ), and just 18 % give a cold rating on the scale ( 0 - 49 ).
Some 69 % of internet users are on the internet and about six - in - ten say they try to relax and take their minds off of the economy.
More than seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) Latinos say their country ’s finances are in good shape, up from just 24 % in 2011. Meanwhile, 38 % of Latinos say their personal finances are in good shape, up from 24 % in 2011.
About half of Latino registered voters ( 54 % ) say the Republican Party is more concerned about Latinos than the Democratic Party ; just 11 % say the Democratic Party is more concerned.
In January 2009, 41 % approved of Trump ’s job performance, compared with 41 % who approved in January 2009.
58 % of Americans say they would be angry if they saw a drone flying near their home, while 45 % say they would be scared. About one - in - ten Americans ( 11 % ) say they would be excited by seeing a drone hovering near their home, while 15 % say they would be scared.
Roughly four - in - ten online job seekers ( 42 % ) say they use these platforms to have fun or to pass the time, while 37 % say they do so to help fill gaps or gaps in incomes
Millennials ’ views of the national news media and religious organizations have declined markedly since 2010. Today, just 27 % of Millennials say things are going in the country today, down from 42 % in 2010. And roughly half of Baby Boomers ( 49 % ) now say the same.
About six - in - ten newsroom employees ( 57 % ) are men
The percentage of Muslims in Western Europe that say they know a Muslim is higher in Austria ( 62 % ), Belgium ( 73 % ), France ( 79 % ) and Italy ( 59 % ). About six - in - ten in the Netherlands ( 61 % ) and Sweden ( 61 % ) say they personally know a Muslim.
The share of Americans who live in middle class households is unchanged from 2011. In 2011, 59 % of adults were living in middle - income households, down from 54 % in 1971.
About one - in - four Americans ( 26 % ) who have been harassed online say an acquaintance was behind their most recent incident. 18 % of those who have been harassed say their most recent incident involved a friend, while 11 % say it involved a family member. Smaller shares say their most recent experience involved a former romantic partner ( 7 % ) or a co - worker ( 5 % ). Taken together, nearly half of Americans ( 46 % ) who have experienced some form of online harassment say
Today, Millennials are the most supportive of Obama ’s job performance ( 71 % approve ), alongside Generation X ( 73 % ) and Baby Boomers ( 73 % ).
While Americans support increased government spending in a number of areas, they continue to be divided in preferences regarding the size and scope of government : 48 % say they would rather have a smaller government with fewer services, while an identical share prefers a bigger government with more services.
In 2015, Saudi Arabia ’s population reached a new high of 84 million, and by 2050 it will reach about 12 million, the largest Muslim population of any region, according to a new Pew Research Center projection.
A majority of the public ( 46 % ) says that large numbers of refugees leaving Iraq and Syria pose a major threat to the well - being of the U.S.
The survey finds that about half of all American adults ( 51 % ) play video games on a computer, TV or portable device like a cellphone, while 38 % play with games on a computer or tablet, according to the 2015 survey. Some 38 % of video game players play video games but do not identify with the term “ game. ”
More than two - thirds of the public ( 67 % ) say scientists do not have a clear understanding of the health effects of GM crops.
49 % say major provisions of the ACA are here to stay, while 49 % expect they will be eliminated.
With the exception of China, a majority of the Chinese ( 75 % ) say their country plays a less important and powerful role in the world today than it did 10 years ago. Only 10 % of the Chinese believe that the U.S. is a less powerful and powerful world leader than it did 10 years ago.
From 2013 to 2014, Media General enjoyed the strongest boost in the group. Still, LIN Media ’s broadcasting revenues saw the smallest growth. Moreover, the group ’s broadcasting revenues rose 77 % since the last midterm elections in 2012.
More than half of those who have heard of gene editing ( 54 % ) say gene editing will very likely lead to increased inequality because it will only be available to the wealthy. And a majority of those who have heard of gene editing ( 59 % ) say gene editing will very likely lead to increased inequality because it will only be available to the wealthy.
Just 29 % of Americans say they think 2015 will be better than 2014.
A 49 % plurality says that government aid to the poor does more harm than good.
Roughly seven - in - ten Chinese ( 63 % ) say they expect corruption to improve over the next five years, and just 15 % believe it will stay the same.
The vast majority of teens ( 95 % ) spend time with their friends outside of school, in person, at least occasionally. But for most teens, this is not an everyday occurrence. Just 25 % of teens spend time with friends in person ( outside of school ) on a daily basis.
Brits are split on the best path to membership : 46 % say they would rather remain in the EU, while 46 % say they would prefer to remain in the EU.
While the existing accord enjoys the support of roughly three - quarters of the American public and six - in - ten Mexicans, it is viewed less favorably in the United States according to a new Pew Research Center survey of all three countries. About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the United States, while just 46 % say it has been a bad thing.
In terms of actual usage usage, there is a small drop in the number of applications that are running on a desktop computer or laptop, while the number of applications running on a desktop computer is substantially smaller. For example, there is a 37 - percentage - point drop in the number of applications that runs on a desktop computer, while 21 % run across all types of applications.
The percentage of Americans who favor removing U.S. troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible has risen from 36 % in June 2009 to 41 % in June 2011.
About half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) say they believe in God as president, while about a third ( 34 % ) say they do n’t believe in him because he is not involved. Another 16 % say they do n’t believe in God because they know who he is.
Almost three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) feel misunderstood by the news media, compared with 58 % of Democrats.
Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Nov. 1 - 4 among 1,001 adults. The presidential campaign received the most coverage last week, accounting for 17 % of the newshole, according to a separate analysis by the Pew Research Center ’s Project for Excellence in Journalism. About one - in - ten ( 9 % ) say they followed news about the economy most
About seven - in - ten or more Japanese associate violence ( 71 % ) with the Chinese, and about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say the same about the Japanese. And half or more of the Chinese ( 50 % ) say they are hardworking, compared with just 12 % who say they are honest.
Among those who often or sometimes have contact with immigrants who speak little or no English, 52 % say this, compared with 54 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents
Only around a quarter of Americans ( 25 % ) say they can trust major technology companies to do what is right just about always or most of the time, while 58 % say they can trust them just about always or most of the time
a majority of Nigerians ( 52 % ) believe it is more important to have strong ties with the U.S. than with China
Roughly six - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 62 % ) said abortion should be legal in “ most ” cases or “ all ” cases. A smaller majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 62 % ) said abortion should be illegal in “ most ” cases and 36 % said it should be illegal in “ all ” instances.
Democrats outnumber Republicans among Hispanic registered voters in Florida, and this gap has widened since 2016. This year, about 678,000 Hispanic voters are registered as Democrats, while about 440,000 are registered as Republicans. An additional 138,000 Hispanic Floridians are registered with no party affiliation.
More than four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they followed news about the Gulf coast oil leak more closely than any other major story.
The campaign was the biggest story in three - out - of - five sectors ( class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-3'>cable TV, network television and on radio ), while the health care debate was the number one story in newspaper and online coverage. class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-3'>cable TV, network television and on radio ), while the presidential campaign was the number one story
Seven - in - ten U.S. adults who say they are neither religious nor spiritual say they believe in God or a higher power. And 45 % of those who describe themselves as spiritually unaffiliated say they believe in astrology or that spiritual force is associated with spirituality. This also means that 45 % of adults who describe themselves as spiritually unaffiliated say they are atheist, agnostic or “ nothing in particular ” and “ nothing in particular ” ( 19 % ).
While 63 % of Millennials own a gaming console, only 42 % of members of Gen X do — and adoption rates continue to drop for each of the older generations. Only 3 % of adults age 75 and older own a gaming console.
Some 56 % of social - networking site users have taken steps to mask their identities while on the site. Additionally, 40 % have taken steps to mask their identities while on the site.
Around the globe, people tend to associate the American leader with all of the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant, intolerant and dangerous, while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people.
White officers and their black colleagues have starkly different views on fundamental questions regarding the situation of blacks in American society, the 2016 survey found. For example, nearly all white officers ( 92 % ) – but only 29 % of their black colleagues – said the U.S. had made the changes needed to assure equal rights for blacks.
The public ’s perceptions of economic news remain mixed and far less positive than earlier in 2010. More than half ( 55 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ; 39 % say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news. Those numbers have changed little since July, when perceptions of economic news took a turn for the worse.
Indians are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree in a STEM occupation, with 84 % of Indian workers holding a STEM degree.
About half of adults ages 18 to 29 ( 51 % ) say the coronavirus is a major threat to their health, compared with 40 % of those ages 30 to 49.
There continues to be a sizable partisan gap in ratings of the national economy. Currently, 46 % of Republicans, but just 24 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats, give the economy at least a good rating.
A majority of Americans ( 58 % ) say the United States has mostly failed in reaching its goals there, while just 34 % say it has mostly succeeded.
The sub - Saharan African countries with the lowest child mortality rate are those with the lowest rates since 1990.
More than six - in - ten parents ( 64 % ) say there is too much pressure on students, with the remaining quarter ( 27 % ) saying that parents are exerting the right amount of pressure.
Among veterans, 64 % say the war in Iraq was not worth fighting considering the costs versus the benefits to the United States
The Mexican public is more divided on the best approach for the drug war. Fully 85 % say they support the use of military units to combat drug cartels, while just 13 % oppose them.
About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they followed news about the European debt crisis very closely ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Meanwhile, 18 % say they very closely followed news about the aftermath of the earthquake in Houston ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
About half of U.S. adults ( 53 % ) say health care costs, about three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say the same about food and consumer prices, while 37 % say the same about real estate values. About a third ( 35 % ) say the federal budget deficit affects their finances a lot, while 22 % say the same about the stock market.
While Facebook posts by members of Congress received nearly four - in - ten reactions ( 4.8 % ), those posts with similar reactions to those in the other party received 4.6 % of reactions.
Many people in Asia - Pacific countries have negative views of North Korea. Japanese are most negative on North Korea 94 % say they have an unfavorable view In Australia, the U.S. and South Korea, roughly three - quarters or more say they have unfavorable views.
In the new survey, majorities across all educational groups now say they favor same - sex marriage, but levels of support are highest among those who have graduated from college : 79 % among those with postgraduate degrees and 72 % among those with bachelor ’s degrees. Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree ( 62 % ) or those with no more than a high school degree ( 53 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry.
40 % of Latinos say they or someone in their household has had their pay cut or lost their job due to the coronavirus outbreak, compared with 27 % of U.S. adults.
Some 41 % of Americans say that abortion should be legal in the first three months of pregnancy, while 40 % say it should be illegal in the first three months of pregnancy.
More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 83 % ) say that being a mother is about the same as it was 10 years ago, up from 11 % in 1997. Yet women remain far more likely than men to say motherhood is difficult for women today than mothers did 20 or 30 years ago.
Among registered Trump supporters, 59 % say undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are mostly honest, while just 33 % say they are mostly honest and just 9 % say they are not as likely to commit serious crimes.
In the current survey, 42 % say they favor gay marriage, while 36 % are opposed. In March 2003, more than twice as many said they favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally ( 49 % ) than opposed ( 30 % ).
Two - thirds of DACA recipients are ages 25 or younger, and a majority are women. Women make up a slight majority ( 53 % ) of active DACA recipients, while 47 % are men, according to the tabulations from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Younger adults are more likely than older adults to strongly prefer early technology adoption. Among adults ages 18 to 29, for example, 45 % of those ages 30 to 49 and 34 % of those ages 50 to 64 place at the most on the index, compared with 29 % of those 30 to 49 and 26 % of those 65 and older
The situation in Iraq maintained the top spot, as 23 % listed it as the story they followed most closely last week.
About a third of Hispanics ( 34 % ) say they now express their Hispanic identity outwardly more often than they did five years ago. In a December 2019 survey, about a quarter of Hispanics ( 25 % ) said they had expressed their Hispanic identity in a public way more often than they did five years ago. And about a quarter ( 25 % ) of Hispanics said they talked about their Hispanic identity in public more often than they did five years ago.
Roughly seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) believe that positive reviews and ratings help consumers feel a lot about what they are buying. And around half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) believe these ratings help make companies more accountable, while about a quarter ( 27 % ) believe the products and services they buy are safe for consumers.
Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 68 % ) say news organizations give too much coverage to the protests, compared with about three - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 43 % ).
Between 2015 and 2060, the Buddhist share of the world ’s population is projected to drop from 32% to 31 %.
seven - in - ten Americans ( 71 % ) say there should be a way for people in the United States illegally to remain in this country, while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally. Most who favor providing illegal immigrants with some form of legal status – 43 % of the public – say they should be allowed to apply for citizenship, but 24 % of the public says they should only be allowed to apply for legal residency.
The Arizona shootings dominated public interest last week. About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely. Another 17 % say they followed news about the Republican House of Representatives most closely.
About nine - in - ten Jews ( 99 % ), Hindus ( 97 % ) and Muslims ( 97 % ) were the target of at least one of these harassing behaviors in 2015.
U.S. newspaper circulation has fallen to its lowest level since at least 1940. Those numbers were down from the previous year and are now below their lowest recorded levels.
A large majority of Democrats ( 68 % ) say they like political leaders who are willing to compromise. That compares with 66 % of Republicans.
The fortunes of the middle classes in Western Europe ’s largest economies are moving in opposite directions. From 1991 to 2010, the shares of adults living in middle - income households increased in France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, but shrank in Germany, Italy and Spain.
About half of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 47 % ) say the federal government ’s aid package will help them a great deal or a fair amount, compared with 28 % of Republicans and Republican leaners.
From mid-2000 to mid-2010, the number of Mexican immigrants living in the U.S. increased 104 %, and from 2005 to 2010 it increased to 1.2 million.
Nearly two - thirds of Germans ( 65 % ) say they want Germany to negotiate favorable trade agreements with the U.S., while roughly a quarter ( 28 % ) want the EU to play a more active role.
In some EU countries, views of how Germany plays a role in the world have changed little over the past 10 years. Across the 10 EU countries surveyed, a median of 47 % see Germany ’s role in the world growing.
Solid Liberals and Core Conservatives are highly focused on who wins the election. Roughly nine - in - ten ( 93 % ) say it matters either whose party controls Congress or which party prevails.
A decadelong economic recession has contributed to a historic number of people leaving Puerto Rico for the mainland. Between 2005 and 2013, Puerto Rico had a net loss of about 446,000 people to the mainland, with job - related ( 40 % ) and family or household reasons ( 39 % ) cited as primary causes among a plurality of those leaving. Puerto Rico ’s population losses have affected nearly every county, or municipio, on the island. The population of San Juan, Puerto Rico ’s capital and international migration that has
The Pew survey found that in Turkey, 79 % of Muslims first identified as Muslims in 2005, compared with 51 % in Indonesia and 36 % in Pakistan.
The public paid very close attention to news about the typhoon and its impact on Haiti. About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they followed news about the tsunami in the Indian Ocean very closely in January 2005. Fewer than one - in - ten ( 17 % ) followed news about the tsunami in the Indian Ocean very closely in January 2005.
Interest in the Iraq war peaked during the conflict ’s early phase in 2003, and began to decline. Overall interest fell to 44 % in 2004, on average. Throughout 2005 and 2006, public attentiveness to the situation in Iraq fluctuated in response to news events, but on average about four - in - ten followed the story very closely in both years. In 2007, public interest in Iraq has averaged 33 %. In the current survey, 31 % say they are following news about the situation in Iraq very closely ; this is
In 2011, the median wealth of households had declined from $ 39,896 to $ 133,817, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of government data.
In South Korea, 86 % of adults say climate change is a major threat, compared with 83 % in France and 80 % in Mexico. Opinions are almost equally split among the Spanish ( 49 % ) and German ( 46 % ). Roughly two - thirds or more in Australia ( 66 % ), the UK ( 60 % ) and the U.S. ( 59 % ) say climate change is a major threat.
In 2012, 83 % of Latinos said they owned a desktop or laptop computer, compared with 78 % of whites.
Two - thirds or more of Americans and much of Europe have an unfavorable opinion of Iran, including at least half in Sweden ( 84 % ), Spain ( 83 % ), Italy ( 74 % ) and France ( 67 % ).
The public ’s perceptions of economic news have taken a turn for the worse. 37 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy, up from 32 % last month and the highest percentage expressing that view this year
For decades, the public has sympathized with Israel over the Palestinians and that remains the case today. Overall, 50 % say they sympathize more with Israel, compared with just 10 % who say they sympathize more with the Palestinians. There continue to be stark partisan differences in Middle East sympathies.
Asian workers in the U.S. are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree. In 2016, about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree.
For example, two - thirds ( 75 % ) of Hispanic adults said they approve of local police enforcement of immigration laws, while just 20 % disapprove. Similarly, 79 % of Hispanics said they disapprove of the government ’s enforcement of immigration laws, while 45 % disapprove.
Among those who say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, a majority ( 59 % ) says their greater concern is that some states are making it too easy to get an abortion. A smaller share of those who say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases ( 16 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, while a smaller share of those who say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases ( 33 % ) say abortion should be legal in all or most cases.
nearly half ( 51,927 ) of all U.S. Hispanics traced their family origins to Mexico.
Roughly seven - in - ten Japanese ( 71 % ) think the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader than it did 10 years ago. Only 39 % believe the U.S. is as important and powerful as it was a decade ago.
The number of master ’s degree holders stayed in the U.S. during the period studied in 2017 was slower than the overall increase in the number of foreign graduates who were working under OPT, which grew by 35 percentage points, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
The public is divided over whether Trump ’s election has had an impact on race relations in the U.S. ( 43 % ) or worse ( 46 % ). About half ( 52 % ) say Trump ’s election has had no effect on race relations, while just 8 % say it has had a positive impact
More than seven - in - ten ( 74 % ) undergraduates loaned money to a private college degree, compared with 64 % of those who borrowed money from a public college.
The Latino population in the United States is at a record high, according to 2012 estimates. There were 35.3 million Hispanics living in the U.S. in 2012, up from 22.4 million in 1970.
When it comes to personal communication devices, the cell phone remains the “ gadget of choice ” among Americans in 2010 — fully 80 % of all adults ( and three - quarters of teens ) now own a mobile phone.
When asked about an economic issue affecting India, 45 % of Indians consider China ’s economic impact a very or somewhat serious problem. Nearly half ( 48 % ) see it as a very or somewhat serious problem.
Around four - in - ten adults ages 18 to 29 ( 41 % ) say the outbreak has been made a smaller deal than it really is, while 37 % say it has been a bigger deal and 22 % say it has been a smaller deal.
more continue to think the United States does too much, rather than too little, to help solve world problems. But the share saying the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled – from 17 % to 31 % – since last November, while the percentage saying it is doing too much has fallen from 51 % to 39 %
36 % approve of the job performance of Democratic congressional leaders, while 41 % disapprove. In July, just 36 % approved of Obama ’s performance in Congress.
Some 47 % of smartphone - owning seniors say they have had to cancel or suspend service because of financial constraints. 21 % of smartphone - owning seniors say they have experienced at least one of these challenges.
Global ratings for President Trump are similar to those received by George W. Bush near the end of his presidency, but they are much lower than those received by Barack Obama during his presidency. Overall, a median of 49 % across the 37 nations polled lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs.
South Korea is the most likely to say that the U.S. is the leading economic power ( 66 % ), followed closely by Japan ( 61 % ). About half say the U.S. is the world ’s economic leader in India ( 51 % ), Sweden ( 46 % ), Italy ( 43 % ) and the UK ( 43 % ).
Americans express these broad sensitivities toward various kinds of information, they are actively engaged in negotiating the benefits and risks of sharing this data in their daily interactions with friends, family, co - workers, businesses and government
Currently, 41 % of voters say they are excited and 26 % are relieved that Trump won, while 34 % say they are disappointed.
60 % of Americans say they are “ not at all confident ” they will have enough money for their retirement, compared with 38 % who said the same in 2009.
By two - to - one ( 60 % to 30 % ), more prioritize the development of alternative energy sources than expanded extraction of energy from traditional sources.
In 2014, Republicans were favored by a 46 % to 36 % margin among likely voters. Democrats were favored by a 35 % to 16 % margin, while Republicans were favored by a 6 % to 6 % margin.
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, nearly six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 63 % ) said having shared interests is very important to a successful marriage.
The survey finds that, among registered voters, voters are more likely to say they have given a lot or some thought to the presidential candidates ( 56 % ) than they were eight years ago ( 47 % ).
Unauthorized immigrants account for 4.6 % of the nation ’s labor force. In Nevada, 10.2 million unauthorized immigrants were working or looking for work in 2012. The next five states with the largest shares of the labor force were California ( 8.9 % ), New Jersey ( 8.2 % ), and Arizona ( 6.2 % ).
Some 65 % of Hispanic immigrants who have worked in a public library say their local library would have a major impact on them and their families. By comparison, about half ( 50 % ) of U.S.-born Hispanics and 64 % of whites say the same.
In advanced economies, economies with medians of 65 % and a median of 50 % across the advanced economies surveyed say that when today ’s children grow up they will be better off financially than their parents.
Interest in the 2008 presidential campaign reached a new high. Fully 36 % of Americans followed news about the campaign very closely, and the same percentage say it is the single story they followed most closely.
From 2013 to 2014, Erdogan ’s ratings were plummeting in the Middle East. Today, 49 % of the Turkish public expresses a favorable opinion of the prime minister, down from 68 % in 2013.
The number of minorities enrolled at majority - minority schools has increased significantly since the 1990s. In 2010, 79 % of all students attended a public school where minorities made up at least half of the students.
Overall, Americans are divided in their views of how the tax law will affect them and the country in the coming years. About as many ( 29 % ) say it will have a mostly positive effect on themselves and their families, while 33 % say it will not have much of an effect.
about half of Americans ( 52 % ) say they heard a lot about a possible link between cell phone use and brain cancer. About a third ( 35 % ) say they heard a little about this story, while 40 % say they heard nothing at all.
The U.S. jobless rate stood at nearly six - in - ten in 2014, compared with fewer than half in 2007, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the Federal Reserve ’s Survey of Labor Statistics.
59 % of Americans say college education is a good value for money, while 17 % say it is only fair and 15 % say it is poor.
while 68 % of email - sending users say they should have access to this information, only 15 % of web users say the same. And 56 % of internet users say it is very important for them to have access to the content of their emails.
About nine - in - ten Jews ( 99 % ), Hindus ( 97 % ) and Muslims ( 97 % ) were living in countries where the harassment rate was highest. Additionally, Jews are more likely than Christians to live in places where the harassment rate was lower ( 80 % vs. 80 % ).
about three - quarters of Americans ( 76 % ) correctly say that Zika is spreading from mosquitoes. More than eight - in - ten ( 86 % ) say the same about Zika.
Americans are divided on whether the U.S. should deal with its own problems and not help other countries deal with their problems. Nearly half ( 52 % ) say the U.S. should help other countries deal with their problems, while 39 % say it should help other countries.
Overall, 41 % of those who say their side has been losing more often than it wins are angry at the government, compared with 34 % of those who say their side has been winning more often.
In January 2001, just 39 % said they expected economic conditions to be better a year from now.
Some 46 % of smartphone owners said their smartphone is something “ they could n’t live without, ” compared with 54 % who said in a 2014 Pew Research Center survey that their phone is “ not always needed. ”. In addition to being essential for many, smartphone owners are much more likely to have positive views of these devices. For instance, they are much more likely to say smartphones are more helpful than annoying, represent freedom rather than represent a leash, enable connecting rather than being distracting and are worth the cost rather than being a
By free trade agreements, Republicans have long been more likely than Democrats to say they have been a good thing for the U.S. Among Republican voters, the balance of opinion on free trade agreements has shifted in recent years. Today, 60 % of Republican voters say free trade agreements have been a good thing for the U.S., compared with just 31 % who say they have been a bad thing.
More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 74 % ) believe increased trade with Japan would be a good thing for the United States. Just 22 % say increased trade with Japan would be a bad thing.
The Baby Boomers had the highest voter turnout rate ( 76 % ) of any age group, followed by Generation X ( 46 % ) and Millennials ( 39 % ).
Of those who have been cut the most by job cuts, the number of photojournalists and illustrators has fallen by more than 30 %.
A Gallup survey conducted in October found that nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) Americans said the economy was the most important problem facing the country today.
Middle Eastern publics see both the U.S. and Russia playing more important roles in the region today than they did 10 years ago. At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago. Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has grown, with Shia ( 81 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 77 % ) sharing this view.
Four - in - ten American teens ages 13 to 17 ( 41 % ) say they use Facebook, compared with 20 % who use Instagram and 5 % who use Snapchat.
Nexstar ’s revenues saw the biggest growth among the three broadcasting groups, with 13.2 % of revenue from the third quarter and 18.1 % of the gain.
The share of U.S. students with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent accounted for 6.8 % of U.S. students in kindergarten through 12th grade in 2014, up from 6.2 % in 2009.
among those who say white people do not benefit at all from advantages that blacks do not have, 74 % approve of Trump, with 60 % approving strongly. Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages that blacks do not have, a smaller majority ( 57 % ) approve of Trump ’s job performance, including 39 % who strongly approve.
A 65 % majority approves of the U.S. policy allowing no ransom money for groups held by terrorist groups.
Fully 79 % of Americans now view Barack Obama favorably. Michelle Obama ’s favorability rating has rebounded from a modest dip and now matches her rating from 2009.
Italians are even more likely than their fellow Westerners to say immigration is a very big problem in their country. Just 17 % of Italians think immigration is a very big problem.
About three - quarters of blacks ( 76 % ) say they have experienced discrimination or unfair treatment regularly or from time to time, compared with 69 % of whites who have not completed high school.
The partisan gap in values is wider than the racial, educational and religious differences. For example, Republicans are twice as likely as Democrats to say they attend religious services at least once a week ( 18 % vs. 7 % ) ; they also are more likely to attend services at least once a week ( 10 % vs. 6 % ).
Indians who support Modi have a more positive outlook than the rest of the world. More than eight - in - ten ( 88 % ) express a favorable view of Modi, with 58 % expressing an unfavorable opinion. Similarly, about six - in - ten ( 59 % ) express favorable views of the Congress Party.
The union membership rate in the U.S. is at a record low, dropping from 23.3 % in the early 1980s to 23.3 % in the late 2000s.
Preferences are most common in Texas ( 46 % ), Florida ( 31 % ), California ( 30 % ) and New York ( 20 % ), but they are more commonly used to describe people who are Hispanic or Latino.
A third followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely, while 23 % said it was the story they followed most closely. In addition 30 % paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq, and 10 % said this was the story they followed most closely More than a quarter of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Congress over new immigration policy, and 12 % listed this as their top story
94 % of those with a private college degree say they are satisfied with their life. About nine - in - ten ( 93 % ) of those with a public college degree say they are satisfied with their family life.
People generally voice the opinion ( a median of 78 % ) that it is beneficial for their economy when foreign companies build new factories in their country.
Roughly half of Republicans ( 53 % ) believe that the ease with which people obtain guns helps gun violence a great deal, compared with only about three - in - ten Democrats ( 28 % ).
In an open - ended format, nearly half ( 47 % ) of Americans cited the issue of drugs as the most important national problem facing the country. Twenty - five years later, by comparison, 40 % had cited the drug problem as the most important national problem facing the country.
Attitudes toward Clinton have consistently been more favorable than those toward her. In France, 82 % of the French public followed the election very or somewhat closely, and in Spain, a similar pattern also exists.
The United States stands out to many around the world as the country their own nation can rely on most, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
About seven - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 72 % ) say they are more concerned the party will not do enough to oppose Trump.
The vast majority of parents ( 68 % ) support having a school - based requirement that all children be vaccinated for measles, mumps and rubella.
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016, easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI In 2015, there were 63 reported victims compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001.
Three - in - four Egyptians say the FJP, NSF and al - Nour have a positive influence on the way things are going in Egypt.
Fully 21 % of the public followed news about the campaign very closely and 20 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 5 % of its overall coverage to the campaign
Just 9 % of Latino adults were raised Protestant and 4 % were raised unaffiliated, but twice as many now describe themselves as Catholics ( 19 % ) or unaffiliated ( 8 % )
Roughly one - quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say they have chosen not to post something after witnessing online harassment, while a similar share ( 28 % ) say they adjusted their privacy settings after seeing this type of online behavior. 13 % of U.S. adults have stopped using an online service altogether after seeing others being harassed
From 1967 to 2012, the median household income for households headed by an adult younger than 30 fell from $ 10,500 to $ 62,800, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the U.S. Census Bureau.
Fully 82 % of French Muslims said they had a favorable view of Muslims in their country in 2015, an increase of 17 percentage points since 2013.
Roughly six - in - ten Japanese ( 61 % ) support increasing economic sanctions against North Korea. Only 25 % back deepening ties with North Korea.
Fully 68 % of Venezuelans say the national government is having a bad influence on the way things are going in Venezuela. Six - in - ten say this is a good thing.
a majority of Germans ( 57 % ) believe it is more important for Germany to have strong ties with the United States than with Russia. Just 15 % prefer strong ties with Russia, and another 21 % volunteer that it is best to have an equally close relationship with both.
More than half of Americans ( 54 % ) say they followed news about the spill very closely.
The average gap between the views of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents and Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents across 10 political values has increased from 15 percentage points in 1994 to 36 points today.
Fully 32 % of Americans paid very close attention to news about the 2008 presidential campaign. This is up from just 31 % who said they were following news about the economy very closely a week earlier.
Rising prices are seen as a very big problem by 97 % in Pakistan. Nine - in - ten or more also say that fixing the shortages of electricity and creating jobs is a very big problem ( 90 % ).
Nationally, workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional / business services and healthcare / social assistance. Both had well over 1 million job openings in April – roughly one - third more than the sector with the third - highest number, accommodation and food services. All three of those sectors had openings rates of 5 % or higher, as did the catchall “ other services ” sector.
More than half of registered voters who support Joe Biden ( 56 % ) say they feel hopeful about the state of the country today, while 38 % say they are fearful.
The biggest growth in the retail sector took place in the fall of 2013. Across the 38 countries, an estimated 23.4 million jobs were created by retail outlets, the highest percentage for any sector.
About four - in - ten ( 44 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners with household incomes of $ 75,000 or more agree with the government ’s proposal to provide broadband services at home, while just 10 % of those with incomes below $ 30,000 agree.
A majority of Americans ( 49 % ) are somewhat more accepting of companies sharing personal data with law enforcement agencies to help improve schools or assess potential terrorist threats, while roughly half ( 49 % ) are not too or not at all confident that these companies could share their data with other organizations to help with criminal investigations.
By contrast, about six - in - ten blacks ( 58 % ) say too much attention is paid to race today, compared with about four - in - ten whites ( 41 % ) and about three - in - ten blacks ( 28 % ).
Latinos rate their personal financial situation as only fair ( 46 % ) rather than poor ( 19 % ).
Fully 70 % of Clinton supporters say climate change is mostly caused by human activity, while just 22 % of Trump supporters say there is no solid evidence the Earth is getting warmer.
About seven - in - ten multiracial Americans ( 71 % ) say they have experienced discrimination because of their racial background.
Roughly seven - in - ten Japanese ( 71 % ) believe cyberattacks are a major threat to Japan
Among parents who use Facebook, 78 % of social - media - using parents use the site, compared with 54 % of non - parents.
Seven - in - ten Americans say the U.S. should cooperate more with Germany, while about a third ( 34 % ) say Germany should cooperate more with the U.S. Only about one - in - four Germans say Germany should cooperate more with the U.S.
Older adults are more likely than younger adults to say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world. About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries, compared with about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) of those 65 and older.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in April found that 61 % of Americans favor removing U.S. troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible, while 33 % say that U.S. troops should remain until the situation there is stabilized. These opinions are little changed since June 2011, but support for an immediate troop withdrawal continues to be much higher than it was two years ago ( 60 % in June 2010 ).
Catholics are the most likely to report having experienced a divorce. Some 74 % of Catholics say they have been divorced. About four - in - ten Catholics ( 42 % ) say they have been divorced.
Coups have ruled the world over the past decade, but they have become rarer than they were in the early 1990s. In every decade since 1991, a record 43 million were executed, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the United States Census Bureau.
The share of unauthorized immigrants who have been in the U.S. for 10 years or less has risen rapidly ; the share has been in the decline for less than five years. Thus, the share of unauthorized immigrants who have been in the U.S. for less than five years exceeds the share of all immigrants who have been in the U.S. for less than five years.
52 % of cell owners ages 18 - 24 have used their phone to keep themselves occupied during breaks or commercials, similar to the percentage of cell owners 65 and older who do this.
A majority of Americans ( 56 % ) say they read a particular topic or interest in order to keep up with current events, but fewer say they did so in order to research a specific topic or interest. In a 2016 Pew Research Center survey, 54 % of Americans said they had read a specific topic or interest, compared with 54 % who said they did so in 2011.
More than half ( 53 % ) of private - sector workers have access to paid leave, compared with 23 % of workers in the private sector.
Some 61 % of Americans say it ’s too quick to undergo cosmetic procedures, while 36 % say it ’s acceptable for people to use them in ways that are pleasing to the eye and body.
About six - in - ten Americans say they are angry with the federal government, up from about six - in - ten in January. The share saying they are basically content with government has fallen by eight points, while frustration has held about steady.
Roughly six - in - ten Indians ( 62 % ) said the situation in Kashmir is a very big problem.
Women are more likely than men to view online harassment as a major problem ( 70 % vs. 54 % ). Women are also more likely than men to say offensive content online is too often dismissed as not a big deal ( 50 % vs. 35 % ) and to say people should be able to feel welcome and safe in online spaces ( 63 % vs. 43 % ).
A global median of 40 % say they have a lot of confidence in Chavez to do the right thing in world affairs, compared with 40 % who do not have confidence in Chavez. Opinions about Chavez ’s performance on the world stage are more mixed : 37 % have a lot of confidence in Chavez, while 32 % have some confidence. Only in Mexico do a majority of the public expresses confidence in Chavez ’s ability as a world leader.
About a quarter of the public ( 27 % ) says the anniversary of the attacks on the U.S.-S.-Mexico border was their top story of the week, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Sept. 8 - 11 by the Pew Research Center. Nearly a quarter ( 23 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely, while 13 % say they followed news about Obama ’s jobs speech most closely.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are about twice as likely as Democrats and Democratic leaners to say they have confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs ( 31 % vs. 15 %, respectively ).
Millennials, who are projected to surpass Baby Boomers next year as the United States ’ largest living adult generation, are also approaching the Boomers in their share of the American electorate. As of November 2016, an estimated 62 million Millennials ( adults ages 20 to 35 in 2016 ) were voting - age U.S. citizens, surpassing the 57 million Generation X members ( ages 36 to 51 ) in the nation ’s electorate and moving closer in number to the 70 million Baby Boomers ( ages 52 to 70
In the new survey, 76 % of Democrats have a cold view of Clinton, compared with 68 % of Republicans and just 29 % of independents.
About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified
Obama was featured prominently in 79 % of all campaign news stories, more than double the number of stories mentioning McCain ( 40 % ). More than half of the public ( 53 % ) says Obama was the candidate they heard the most about in the news last week.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are about twice as likely as Democrats and Democratic leaners to say that the local news media are mostly covering the area where they live ( 54 % vs. 40 % ). The Democrats and Democratic leaners are about as likely to say the media are mostly covering the area where they live ( 57 % vs. 54 % ).
Job approval ratings for both Republican and Democratic leaders in Congress are down slightly from mid - summer. Though Republicans may be poised for major gains in the House and Senate in the midterm elections, just 24 % of the public approves of the job being done by the party ’s leaders in Congress. That is down from 33 % in July, and equals a low measured at about the same time last year. Job performance ratings for Democratic leaders also have slipped ( from 48 % approval in February 2009 to 30 % currently ). In July, that
Most black Muslims in the U.S. are born in the U.S. ( 90 % ), but they are more likely than all U.S.-born Christians to live in the South ( 73 % ).
Two - thirds of blacks ( 67 % ) say they have a better opinion of the situation of blacks in society over the past five years. Only about half ( 51 % ) of whites agree.
Overall, nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) feel worn out by the amount of coverage they are getting from the election, while 39 % say they like the amount of coverage they are getting
Overall, about half of Americans ( 51 % ) say the news media do a good job in covering climate change, while 47 % say the media do a poor job.
Fully 86 % have a favorable view of Duterte himself, 78 % support his handling of the illegal - drugs issue and 62 % say that the Philippine government is making progress in its anti - drug campaign.
The horserace in Poulia, Nevada, has been on the rise in recent years. It is the only year in which more than half of the public has a horserace, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the 2004 National Election Pool. In 1984, the horserace was the only one in which more than half of the public ( 54 % ) said they could ride in a horserace that was competitive with others, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the Pew Research Center ’s 2004 National Election Pool
4 % say they followed news about the health care debate most closely, while 42 % say they followed reports about the condition of the economy most closely.
Roughly six - in - ten parents ( 63 % ) say they spend too little time with their children. By comparison, about half ( 53 % ) say they spend too little time with their children.
The survey examined public school prayer from a different angle by asking teens whether they pray before eating lunch at school. About three - quarters of teens who identify with a religion and attend public school ( 73 % ) say they personally pray before eating lunch at school. Teens who identify with a religion are more likely than those who self - identify as atheist, agnostic or “ nothing in particular ” to say they always or sometimes pray before eating lunch at school. There are differences across religiously unaffiliated schools, among whom the roughly
While a majority of Americans ( 53 % ) say economic ties between the United States and China are bad, this figure is higher than the share of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who say the same ( 49 % ). Democrats and Democratic leaners are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to say China is having good economic ties ( 64 % vs. 38 % ).
Fully 87 % of AAAS scientists say that scientists should focus on public policy debates about science and technology issues, while only 13 % say scientists should stay out of such matters.
A median of 45 % across the six Asia - Pacific countries surveyed lack confidence in Xi to do the right thing regarding world affairs. In Japan, Japan, Australia and the Philippines, a median of 53 % lack confidence in Xi. And in South Korea, even before the election, only 23 % had confidence in Xi.
In the U.S., there are fewer than a dozen legislators with Twitter accounts, though these three substantive groups make up a much larger share of the conversation. As of June 2019, roughly a quarter ( 25 % ) of all tweets from NZ ’s legislators are responsible for maintaining Twitter accounts. By comparison, there are roughly seven - in - ten legislators across 10 countries with at least one tweet.
Overall, 78 % of Israelis had a favorable opinion of the U.S., compared with 61 % who had confidence in then - President Barack Obama.
According to a Pew Research Center analysis of Florida state government data, there are roughly 2.5 million Latino registered voters in the state – an increase of about 100,000 from the previous midterm election and the largest increase since 2008.
Interest in the 2008 presidential campaign reached a new high. Fully 54 % of the public followed news about the election very closely, up from 30 % the previous week.
About half of Democratic voters ( 47 % ) say their vote is a vote for Obama, while 46 % say it is a vote for Republican candidates.
more than half ( 50 % ) of Hispanics say the outbreak is a major threat to the health of their local community, compared with just 16 % of U.S. adults overall.
About seven - in - ten black Americans ( 71 % ) say they are Christian, compared with about one - in - five overall ( 14 % ).
When asked about eight specific issues affecting their relationship with China, a majority of Americans rank all eight as at least a somewhat serious problem, with roughly six - in - ten citing the large amount of U.S. debt held by China and the loss of jobs to China as very serious problems
The share of Americans with unemployment rising is at its highest point in nearly two decades. In January 2015, 40 % of the nation ’s unemployed people said they were “ jobless. ” This represented a decline from the peak of 39.5 % in January 2010.
Currently, 54 % say that protecting people from crime is more important than placing people at risk, while 40 % say it is more important to put people at risk
About a quarter of Americans ( 26 % ) say they followed news about the suicide bombings in a Northwest Airlines jet more closely than any other major story. About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they followed news about the aftermath of the attempted terror attack on a Northwest Airlines jet more closely than any other major story.
The Pew survey found that British Muslims have a stronger Islamic identity than do Muslims elsewhere in Europe. Fully eight - in - ten ( 81 % ) British Muslims think of themselves as Muslims first rather than as British. In France just 46 % consider themselves as Muslims first. In Britain, Muslims are split almost evenly on this question – 46 % consider themselves as Muslims first, while the percentage of Muslims in Spain ( 46 % ) and Egypt ( 51 % ) is similar to those in Egypt and Indonesia ( 51 % ).
About a quarter ( 26 % ) of the public says they very closely followed news about swine flu and its vaccine, while 9 % say swine flu was their top story of the week.
In the case of Trump ’s tweets, 44 % of the stories with a negative assessment of the administration included a negative one, compared with 29 % of stories with a positive one.
Teen birth rates fell sharply in 2018 : The widest racial and ethnic gap between whites and blacks was found in 2018 among Hispanic teens, with the rate falling from 62.8 per 1,000 in 2008 to 41.5 per 1,000 in 2018. Teen birth rates among Asian - Americans were also less than half of what they were 10 years ago.
Far more Millennials say they have no religious affiliation compared with those who identify as evangelical Protestants ( 21 % ), Catholics ( 16 % ) or mainline Protestants ( 11 % )
nearly one - in - five ( 27 % ) say they heard a lot about this story, while 42 % say they heard a little. About a quarter ( 27 % ) say they heard nothing at all.
Americans under the age of 50 are especially likely to support alternative energy development over expanding fossil fuels. About seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 say developing alternative sources of energy should be the more important priority, while 22 % say expanding production of fossil fuels should be the more important priority. Older adults are more divided in their views, though they also give more priority to alternatives. Among those 50 and older, 55 % say alternative energy development is more important, while 34 % say it ’s
India ’s population is projected to grow from about 1.1 billion in 2010 to about 1.2 billion in 2050.
Obama ’s current job rating of 49 % is higher than George W. Bush ’s rating ( 42 % ), but lower than Bill Clinton ’s job measure ( 54 % ).
Overall, a median of 66 % say that the financial situation of their children will be worse in the future compared with the wealthy.
About four - in - ten LGBT adults ( 38 % ) say religion is very important in their lives, compared with about a quarter ( 24 % ) who say the same about religion.
More than half ( 52 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners say the government should be responsible for ensuring health care coverage for all Americans, compared with only 6 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
Many parents have discussed end - of - life issues with their children. About one - in - five ( 16 % ) say they have a will and what to do with their children ’s medical care if they can n’t make a decision.
Puerto Rico has lost more migrants to the mainland than it was during the 1980s and 1990s. Between 2010 and 2013, the number of migrant arrivals from Puerto Rico averaged 495,000, compared with 80,000 for the rest of the decade.
Overall, 54 % of Americans say that enhancing their online privacy would be very or somewhat difficult if they wanted to be more private while using the internet or their cellphone. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say it would be somewhat or very easy for them to find tools and strategies that would help them.
About eight - in - ten Americans ( 82 % ) – including large majorities of Republicans and ( 76 % ) and Democrats ( 90 % ) – say that once he takes office, Trump “ will need to be more cautious about the kinds of things he says and tweets. ” Just 15 % of the public says there is no need for Trump to change the kinds of things he says and tweets.
Those self - identifying as disabled are somewhat more likely than the general public to report being particularly engaged with this election. In a survey conducted in June, fully 71 % of Americans with disabilities said it “ really matters who wins the election, ” compared with 59 % of Americans who do not have a disability.
those younger than 35 continue to be the most likely of all age groups to rent. In 2016, 65 % of households headed by people younger than 35 were renting, up from 57 % in 2006. Rental rates have also risen notably among those ages 35 to 44. In 2016, about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) households headed by someone in this age range were renting, up from 31 % in 2006.
In 2010, 62 % of Brazilians described the economic situation in their country as good.
64 % say that the government does too little for poor people, while nearly as many ( 27 % ) say it does too much for middle - class people.
An overwhelming majority of self - identified Hispanics say they have never considered themselves to be Hispanic. Indeed, 81 % of these self - identified Hispanics say they have never considered themselves Hispanic.
93 % of parents say they have Facebook friends with other people, compared with 40 % of non - parents.
Among Catholic House members, Republicans outnumber Democrats by a margin of more than two - to - one ( 66 % to 37 % ).
For the first time since the 2004 presidential campaign, the media has been an overwhelming source of campaign news. The majority of the public ( 84 % ) says they have heard at least one announcement about their candidacy in the online campaign, and 13 % have used a variety of methods.
The 10 % of users who are most active in terms of tweeting are responsible for 80 % of all tweets created by U.S. adults.
a median of 56 % believe the economy will improve over the next year, more than double the share who believe it will be worse.
In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, roughly three - quarters of adults said it was OK for people to use their phones while walking down the street, riding public transit or waiting in line, but far fewer found it acceptable to use cellphones during a meeting, at the movies or in church.
Jeb Bush is the best known of those included in the survey, but he also has the highest unfavorable rating : 64 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters say he would make a good or great president, while 26 % say he would be an average president and just 6 % say he would be poor or terrible.
Some 60 % of parents have taken their teen ’s cellphone history and another 60 % have taken their teen ’s social media profile. At the same time, about six - in - ten parents have taken steps to monitor their teen ’s online behavior.
In the U.S., 46 % say China will replace or has already replaced the U.S. as the dominant superpower, while only 16 % believe China will never replace the U.S.
Among non - internet users, the median age is 59.
Mobile payments are more common in Africa than they are in any other region. A median of 68 % of Kenyans, 50 % of U.S.-born Africans and nearly three - quarters of Senegalese ( 73 % ) make or receive payments using cell phones.
Currently, 57 % of Americans say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, while 39 % are opposed. As recently as 2006, a larger share of Americans had opposed than favored allowing gay and lesbian people to marry legally ( 55 % vs. 39 % ).
In the Middle East, worried about the violence that will spread violence in Syria is a common occurrence in the region. Nine - in - ten Lebanese ( 90 % ), Tunisia ( 89 % ) and Jordan ( 79 % ) express concern.
In 2009, 86 % of Hispanics said they owned a cell phone, compared with 64 % of non - Hispanics.
The average age of viewers of The Daily Show is 36.
About half ( 53 % ) of Latinos say that people in the U.S. illegally should be deported, while a similar share ( 51 % ) says they should be punished.
Nearly three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) hold negative views of China, compared with only 42 % of Democrats. Older Republicans are more likely than younger Republicans to see China negatively ( 55 % vs. 47 % ).
In Greece, a median of 66 % express a favorable view of the UN, while about a quarter ( 27 % ) see it unfavorably. The EU is viewed favorably by a median of only 10 % of Greeks.
More than half ( 58 % ) of working mothers spend more time at home than a typical working mother. This compares with about 11 % of working mothers and 14 % of non - working mothers.
76 % of Indians considered Pakistan a very or somewhat serious threat to their country.
As described in a January 2006 Pew report,2 Republicans are far more likely than either Democrats or independents to see economic conditions as good or excellent ; 56 % of Republicans take that view compared with only 23 % of independents and 28 % of Democrats.
Nearly nine - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 94 % ) now say there should be stricter environmental laws, down from 92 % in 2007. For the first time since the question was first asked in 2007, fewer than half of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 47 % ) now say stricter environmental laws are worth the cost.
the employment rate for whites was 1.7 %, compared with 2.2 % for blacks.
the Arizona shootings topped the public ’s news interest last week. About four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say they followed news about the shootings more closely than any other news story. A comparable percentage ( 37 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely.
The fertility rate of the G7 nations – G7 – is at its lowest point in history. The world ’s fertility rate stood at 2.42 births per woman in 2010, compared with 1.4 in 1950.
about six - in - ten Black ( 60 % ) said they felt a need to stay tuned in to news about the coronavirus outbreak. Around a third of Hispanic ( 63 % ) and Black ( 39 % ) adults said they felt they needed to take breaks from COVID-19 news
Catholics are more likely than the general public to identify as Hispanic ( 59 % vs. 34 % ). And while nearly six - in - ten Catholics ( 59 % ) identify as Hispanic, just 3 % of the public is Hispanic.
Only, in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude. Interestingly, Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ), the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ). And a scant 12 % of Germans find Americans lacking in politeness.
About four - in - ten Americans ( 39 % ) said Sanders was the best news story over the past couple of weeks, far more than the shares who said Biden ( 24 % ), Bloomberg ( 20 % ), Biden ( 13 % ) and Buttigieg ( 13 % ).
Currently those in higher income families are more likely than those in lower income families to feel they are paying more than their fair share. About half ( 52 % ) of those with annual family incomes of $ 100,000 or more say they pay more than their fair share. By comparison, just 30 % of those with family incomes of less than $ 30,000 say they pay more than their fair share.
When asked whether it is more important to have a close relationship with the U.S. or China, nearly six - in - ten Germans prioritize this relationship over having a close relationship with both the U.S. and China ( 61 % ). A smaller share of Germans prefer a close relationship with the U.S. than China ( 30 % ).
About half of Americans ( 52 % ) say they favor gay marriage more than less favorable, while 19 % say it did not affect his opinion.
Nearly four - in - ten Brazilians ( 42 % ) say they expect political instability in the next five years, while roughly a third ( 34 % ) say it will stay the same.
About two - thirds of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters ( 64 % ) say they are looking forward to the 2020 presidential election, while a similar share ( 64 % ) say they have an excellent or good impression of the candidates running for the Democratic nomination.
Of the more than 70,000 refugees who have been admitted to the U.S. so far in fiscal year 2015, the largest numbers have come from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Syria. ( Refugees in the U.S. are defined differently and a different process is used in accepting refugees than in the EU. )
By a 57%-35 % margin, Republicans say the U.S. will go too far in getting involved and 30 % say it will not go far enough in stopping Islamic militants. By contrast, Democrats are more divided : 50 % say the U.S. will go too far in getting involved and 34 % say it will not go far enough.
A majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say the higher education system in the U.S. is going in the wrong direction, while 38 % say it is going in the right direction.
The number of Arabic - speaking households has grown notably since 2010, from 298,000 in 2010 to 368,000 in 2014, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
Among parents of a child age 11 or younger, 80 % of their child watch videos on YouTube, compared with 57 % of parents of a child age 3 to 4. This is particularly true when it comes to the copii who watch the videos : Fully 89 % of parents of a child age 11 or younger say their child watches videos on YouTube, compared with 59 % of parents of a child younger than 5.
The share of immigrants ages 5 and older who speak English proficiently is at an historic high. In 2018, half of immigrants ages 5 and older were English proficient, up from 53 % in 1980.
nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of internet users on Twitter use the service on a typical day — up from 15 % in November 2010.
Nearly three - quarters of Americans ( 74 % ) say it is more important for people to have the ability to keep information about themselves that is potentially useful from being searchable online, while 23 % say it is more important for people to discover information about others who are online.
In Jordan, 89 % of Christians have a favorable opinion and 89 % view Muslims unfavorably.
A majority of Americans ( 57 % ) say the country has n’t gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men, while 32 % say it ’s been about right and 27 % say we ’ve gone too far.
In the new survey, 63 % of Hispanics say the government is doing a good job in dealing with the surge of asylum seekers at the border between the U.S. and Mexico ; fewer than a third ( 36 % ) say the government is doing a bad job.
About half ( 49 % ) of the public says it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-4'>quality a similar share ( 47 % ) says this is not possible. There are large partisan divides on this issue
Roughly half of all U.S. adults ( 51 % ) say transgender people should be able to use the restroom that matches the gender with which they currently identify, while 46 % say they should be required to use the restroom of their birth gender.
Some 44 % of teens say they check for messages or notifications on their cellphone as soon as they wake up. Another 28 % say they often feel as if they do n’t have to worry about this ( 14 % say they do n’t have to worry about this ).
In Turkey 64 % of the public calls such a ban a bad idea compared with 29 % who view it as a good idea. Lebanon weighs in against head scarf bans by 78 % opposed to 22 % in favor, while even larger majorities in Germany ( 54 % ), the Netherlands ( 51 % ) and Spain ( 48 % ) call them a bad idea.
Roughly three - quarters ( 73 % ) of social media users ages 18 to 29 say they have used a social media platform to look for or research a job, and roughly a quarter ( 24 % ) have used a social media site to let friends know about a job.
Across the 38 countries surveyed, a median of 70 % say religion plays a more important role in their lives than it did 20 years ago. At the same time, the share of those who say religion is very important in their lives is smaller than the share who say it plays a less important role.
The Pew Research Center survey finds that nearly half of Americans ( 48 % ) say life for future generations will be worse than it is today, while just 25 % say it will be better and 27 % say it will be better. Less than half ( 48 % ) say life will be about the same as it is today, while 43 % say it will be better and 21 % about the same.
Seniors age 65 and older are more likely than their younger counterparts to say they need help setting up or showing me how to use new devices.
For the U.S. population, there are significant differences in the quality of health care information among Hispanics. For example, among U.S.-born Hispanics, 41 % lack health insurance or are uninsured, compared with 17 % of U.S.-born Hispanics and 14 % of foreign - born Hispanics.
Roughly seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) say the future of the Japanese economy is grim. More than half ( 55 % ) say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Japan today.
In a January survey, 87 % of Catholic Democrats expressed a favorable view of Francis, compared with 71 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents.
Nearly half ( 47 % ) of Hispanic adults say that, if they meet certain criteria, they will be deported from the country ’s immigration system. And about half ( 53 % ) say that, if they meet certain criteria, they will be deported.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) say they are hearing mostly bad economic news, less than half the number that said this in early August ( 67 % ).
Democrats have long been more likely than Republicans to say the U.S. economic system is fair to most Americans. In a survey conducted in late 2016, about as many Republicans ( 54 % ) as Democrats ( 48 % ) said the system was generally fair to most Americans.
An estimated 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants lived in the UK in 2017, a small but statistically significant increase from 2014.
A median of 45 % across 40 nations say the Chinese government does not respect the personal freedoms of its people.
Fully 95 % of Tunisians say the military and police are having a good influence on the way things are going in Tunisia. More than eight - in - ten also say the police are having a good influence on the way things are going in Tunisia.
In the current survey, 50 % say the U.S. mostly succeeded in reaching its goals there, while 43 % say it mostly failed. Opinions among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are nearly the reverse : 47 % say the U.S. has mostly succeeded in reaching its goals there, while just 36 % say it has not.
In Nigeria, seven - in - ten or more see China ’s economic strength as a good thing for their country. Similarly, 82 % say investment from China is a good thing for Nigeria.
The situation in Iraq was the most closely followed news story of the week. Just 30 % of the newshole was devoted to events in Iraq, down from 40 % the previous week.
From 1987 through 2009, the share of Americans who agreed with the statement “ Labor unions are necessary to protect the working person, ” reached a new high of 74 %.
Majorities in all of the countries surveyed say it is important for people to have access to the internet without government censorship. This includes about eight - in - ten adults in Venezuela ( 89 % ), Lebanon ( 86 % ), Chile ( 86 % ) and Egypt ( 80 % ).
Bill Clinton‘s favorability rating has rebounded to match George W. Bush ’s rating. Currently, 73 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners view the former president favorably, while 41 % view him unfavorably. Since 2008 Bill Clinton ’s overall favorability ratings have climbed 15 points.
Marriage rates are somewhat less common in urban and rural counties than they are in suburban areas, but still majorities of urban and rural women are married ( 68 % in urban and 73 % in rural counties ).
After Trump became president in 2017, confidence in the U.S. president plunged, and it has not been as high as it has been in two decades. The pattern has been similar in other Western European countries, including the UK, France and Germany.
Global ratings for the U.S. are more negative than positive. Across the 37 nations polled, a median of 49 % have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs. This includes ratings for the U.S. president, as well as for its newly elected president, Vladimir Putin. However, global ratings for Trump are more negative than positive. As of the end of Trump ’s presidency, most countries around the world express confidence in him.
The U.S. is the only country in which fewer than six - in - ten think China considers their own country a great deal or fair amount of attention.
A quarter of the public ( 24 % ) paid very close attention to the death of a Marine Lebanese teenager ; 5 % listed this as their most closely followed story. Interest in the marine murder accounted for 6 % of coverage.
46 % of smartphone owners say they mostly use the internet on a smartphone, compared with 23 % of those who mostly do so on a desktop, laptop or tablet computer, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in January.
Major elements of George W. Bush ’s foreign policies met with widespread opposition in the region, and by the time he left office, his ratings in countries like the United Kingdom, Germany, France and Spain were quite low.
Women ages 18 to 29 are more likely than their male counterparts to say they are “ feminists. ” Some 68 % of women ages 18 to 29 say this, compared with 41 % of men ages 30 to 49 and 44 % of those 65 and older. Women with at least a bachelor ’s degree are also more likely than those with less education to say they are feminists ( 72 % vs. 54 % ).
There is a 13 - point difference in daily internet use between the Web - only sample ( 82 % ) and of the total sample ( 69 % ). About eight - in - ten of Americans in the Web - only sample said they had sent email or texts to friends or family the day before, compared with about seven - in - ten in the total sample. Fully 90 % in the Web - only sample own a desktop or laptop, compared with 80 % in the total sample.
Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games.
Fewer than one - in - ten ( 23 % ) say they followed the debate over gun control very closely.
A third of Americans ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week. Another 23 % say they followed reports about the economy most closely and 12 % say they followed administration plans to expand federal regulation of financial institutions most closely.
Nearly half of adults ( 47 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings if it was harder for people to obtain guns legally
Just more than two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the economy most closely. 16 % say they followed news about the U.S. military deployment of U.S. troops in Afghanistan more closely than any other story. A comparable percentage ( 16 % ) say they followed news about the situation in Afghanistan most closely.
The share of Latinos ages 5 and older who speak English proficiently is growing. In 2013, 59 % of Latinos ages 5 and older spoke English proficiently, up from 59 % in 1980.
Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) disapprove of the executive action and about seven - in - ten Democrats ( 71 % ) approve of it, with very strong attitudes on both sides.
Cubans account for about a third ( 36 % ) of Florida ’s eligible Hispanic voters, which is little changed from the 42 % who were Cuban in 2000.
Fully 47 % of working mothers say being a working mother makes it easier to advance in their job or career.
58 % of Millennials say Obama is the best or second best president of their lifetimes, compared with 37 % who mention Clinton.
very few voters ( 5 % ) say they think a Democratic candidate will win the election, while 20 % say they think a Republican candidate will probably or definitely win.
nearly two - thirds of blacks ( 64 % ) now believe the government should help the needy if it means going deeper into debt.
The Democratic Party continues to have mixed ratings ( 86 % favorable, 17 % unfavorable ).
Six - in - ten church - going Christians in the U.S. ( 62 % ) say that they most often attend religious services online or on television, while only about a third ( 32 % ) say they attend services at least once or twice a month. And among people who attend religious services at least once or twice a month, just 4 % say they attend services at least once or twice a month, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted April 20 - 26.
The partisan divide in views of the EU is wider than ever. More than eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 83 % ) have a favorable opinion of the EU, compared with only about half ( 48 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners.
Most Americans continue to say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ( 57 % ), but the number that says they have been hearing mostly negative news about the economy is up eight points since early March when it matched an earlier low. At that point, 24 % said they were hearing mostly bad news about the economy. That now stands at 11 %. The relatively small number hearing mostly good news has dropped from 11 % in April and March to 6 % in the current survey.
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) of those who say their family is comfortable with politics say their family does n’t try to avoid talking about politics, compared with 40 % of those who say their family is OK with politics.
About half of Democrats ( 48 % ) say the federal budget deficit affects their personal finances a lot
The public remains divided over whether the U.S. should put pressure on the Iraqi government, or whether the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible. Just 39 % say the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible, while 55 % think the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible.
The default rate was 15 % for students ages 30 - 49 and 15 % for those ages 50 - 64.
Most adults in Taiwan identify as Taiwanese ( 66 % ) or Chinese ( 86 % ), with about two - thirds ( 64 % ) saying they are Taiwanese.
Most cell phone owners report that they regularly send or receives text messages on their phones. Some 75 % of cell phone owners say they do this regularly. And half of cell owners say they take pictures or videos of photos of themselves or a family member, and 23 % say they use the internet.
The share of Americans who say their European allies should increase their national defense spending dropped by 6 percentage points between 2018 and 2019, while the share saying European allies should keep their spending about the same rose 9 points.
The share of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who say they trust the federal government to do what is right just about always or most of the time is higher today ( 54 % ) than during the Obama administration
Awareness is from 35 % to 35 % among those who have made a phone call.
Unfavorable opinion of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization ( NATO ) is at its highest point in more than 20 years. Fully 53 % have a favorable opinion of the security alliance, while 19 % have an unfavorable view.
Only 39 % of Greeks express confidence in Obama, while 57 % have an unfavorable opinion. In contrast, 62 % of Americans feel favorably toward the U.S. and 35 % have little or no confidence in him.
About half ( 49 % ) of college - educated women say it is better for a woman to wait until she ’s well established in her political career to have children, while 20 % say it ’s better for a woman not to have children at all if she plans to seek public office. By contrast, just 21 % of college - educated women say it is better for a woman to wait until she ’s well established in her political career, and 26 % say it ’s better for a woman not to have children
nearly two - thirds ( 65 % ) of home - sharing users have heard at least a little about the debate over whether these services should be legal. Some 37 % of users say they strongly support the legality of these services, while 19 % feel they should not have to pay taxes.
A majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 64 % ) say major technology companies support the views of liberals over conservatives equally. A smaller majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 53 % ) say major technology companies support the views of men over women equally.
Fully 45 % of Hispanic adults say the impact of unauthorized immigration on Hispanics already living in the U.S. is positive.
A higher percentage ( 48 % ) said it was more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns than to control gun ownership ( 46 % ).
Middle - income households in Luxembourg lived on $ 71,799 annually in 2010, at the median, followed by $ 60,884 in the U.S. The middle class in Italy lived on a median income of $ 35,608, the most modest means among the countries analyzed.
Twitter users are also more likely to use their cell phones to connect to the internet ; fully two in five ( 40 % ) Twitterers with cell phones use the device to connect to the internet, while one quarter ( 24 % ) of those who go online but do not use Twitter do the same.12
Among those who followed news about the Iraq war, 37 % said the press was covering the situation in Iraq very closely, while 11 % said the media was covering the situation in Iraq fairly closely.
About six - in - ten Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 59 % ) say they have an excellent or good impression of the candidates running for the GOP nomination. This is up from 50 % in September 2007.
According to the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s Campaign Coverage Index, from Jan. 1 through June 15 of this year, Obama appeared as a significant newsmaker in 102 stories. Cindy McCain has appeared in just 28 stories over this period.1
The growth of the U.S. Hispanic population has slowed since the start of the decade. The growth rate for the U.S. Hispanic population has slowed since 2009, when the Hispanic population reached 3.8 million.
Today, more say that economic conditions will be better a year from now than they were in early 2012, while 45 % say they will be worse.
Roughly three - quarters of veterans ( 73 % ) say the process of readjusting to civilian life was very or somewhat difficult.
Nearly as many now say they are hearing mostly bad economic news as a mix of good and bad news ( 46 % vs. 50 % ). As recently as last month, 35 % said they were hearing mostly bad economic news while far more ( 54 % ) said the news was mixed. The proportion hearing a mix of good and bad economic news, which has been in the single digits for most of the past three years, stands at just 2 %.
While 28 % say they followed news about the VA scandal very closely, just 5 % say they followed news about the IRS very closely.
The president ’s job approval rating has narrowed in recent years. Currently, 40 % of the public approves of the way Bush is handling his job as president, while 55 % disapprove. In January, Bush ’s job ratings were more mixed ( 46 % approve, 35 % disapprove ).
Around the globe, people tend to associate the American leader with all of the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant, intolerant and dangerous, while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people.
By 2016, Millennials had the highest voter turnout rate ( 69 % ) among all eligible voters, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data shortly after that year ’s election. The voter turnout rate among Gen Xers was 70 %, higher than the turnout rate among Baby Boomers ( ages 52 to 70 ) and Millennials ( ages 52 to 70 ).
Conservative Republicans are much more likely than liberal Democrats to give professors a warm rating. Among conservative Republicans, 31 % give professors a warm rating, while 25 % take a neutral view. Conservative Republicans are about equally likely to rate professors warmly ( 31 % give a very warm rating ), while liberal Democrats are somewhat more likely to give very ( 33 % ) or somewhat ( 25 % ) cold ratings.
While a 58 % majority of Republicans say it is very important to increase the number of asylum seekers entering the U.S., just 33 % of Democrats say this is very important.
Some 54 % of Hispanics and 56 % of lower - income adults say they worry a lot or some about paying their bills in the next few months, compared with 29 % of middle - income adults and just 9 % of upper - income adults.
More than four - in - ten Millennials ( 43 % ) say Obama is the best ( 26 % ) or second best ( 21 % ) president in their lifetimes. About half of those in the Silent Generation ( 53 % ) name Reagan, while 41 % name Reagan and 19 % mention George W. Bush.
A substantial majority of Americans favor a federal government database to track all gun sales ( 66 % ). Majorities oppose an assault weapons ban ( 54 % ) and a ban on assault - style weapons ( 54 % ).
While the number of COVID-19 deaths in Democratic districts has been dropping since mid - April, the share in Republican - controlled districts has remained relatively steady – at about four - in - ten, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new data from the U.S. Census Bureau.
the share of 18- to 29 - year - olds saying they have given quite a lot of thought to the election has dropped sharply in recent weeks. Six - in - ten ( 63 % ) young voters under the age of 30 say they have given quite a lot of thought to the election, compared with 55 % of those 65 and older.
85 % of Americans believe U.S. military is important to the U.S. ’s security interests, and nearly six - in - ten see them as very important
Seven - in - ten Americans ( 70 % ) say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, if they meet certain requirements. More than half ( 43 % ) say there should not be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, if they meet certain requirements.
Currently, 60 % of the public says the federal government should be responsible for ensuring health care coverage for all Americans, compared with 38 % who say this should not be the government ’s responsibility. The share saying it is the federal government ’s responsibility has increased from 51 % last year and now stands at its highest point in nearly a decade
In recent years, women ’s earnings have steadily increased in tandem – though at a slower pace than their husbands. Within couples, the share of women earning more than half of what her husband earns as a husband is about the same as the share of women earning less than half ( 23 % ).
Asked why they do n’t have a broadband connection at home, the reasons cited are : Almost all ( 59 % ) say their monthly cost is too high, while 46 % say they have other options for accessing the internet. When asked why they do n’t have broadband at home, a majority of non - broadband users ( 65 % ) point to the cost of the internet, and about a quarter ( 27 % ) say the service is not available or is unacceptable.
Currently, 48 % of Republicans say they are looking forward to the elections, up from 52 % in January 2010.
In an August survey, half of Hispanic adults say being a good parent is extremely important. And nearly as many ( 49 % ) say the same about having the resources to support a family - related life goal.
the public sees strong conflicts between Democrats and Republicans as the strongest group in the U.S. 71 % say such conflicts are either very strong or very strong, and nearly as many ( 27 % ) say they are not very strong.
About nine - in - ten officers ( 92 % ) say the protests were motivated primarily by anti - police prejudice, with 28 % saying they were primarily motivated by the police ’s own biases.
In a Pew Research Center survey conducted in November, nearly four - in - ten women ( 41 % ) said women in high political offices were better off than men, compared with about four - in - ten men ( 41 % ) who said the same. Women also were more likely to say women were better off working to improve the quality of life for Americans – 30 % vs. 18 %.
When asked whether the priority given to dealing with illegal immigration should be given to better border security and tougher enforcement of immigration laws, about half ( 46 % ) say both should be given equal priority.
In In every country surveyed, overwhelming majorities disapprove of how Brussels has dealt with the refugee problem. This includes 94 % of Greeks, 88 % of Swedes and 77 % of Italians. The strongest approval of EU management of the refugee crisis is in the Netherlands, but that backing is a tepid 31 %.
Individual liberty is central to the view of many Americans. A 58 % majority believe it is more important for everyone to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state, while 35 % say it is more important for the state to play an active role in society so as to guarantee that nobody is in need
Islamic extremism continues to be a serious concern in nations with substantial Muslim populations. In Senegal, roughly three - quarters ( 75 % ) are concerned about Islamic extremism in their country. Nearly seven - in - ten in Lebanon, Tunisia, Malaysia and Nigeria express concern about Islamic extremism in their country. Only in Turkey and Jordan do more than half express concern about Islamic extremism.
Roughly eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) say inflation is a very big problem.
Currently, 51 % say they have a favorable view of unions, down from 56 % in 2009.
Among the largest news sources, CNN stands out, with 54 % of U.S. adults saying they have heard of it.
The share of college - educated young adults with at least a bachelor ’s degree has risen from about 31 % in 2000 to 72 % in 2016. By comparison, the share of young women with at least a bachelor ’s degree has dropped from about 29 % in 2000 to 29 % in 2016
Opposition leader Nawaz Sharif fares better : 62 % express a positive opinion of the Pakistan Muslim League ( PML - N ) leader.
The situation on the ground in Iraq was the most closely followed news story of the week with 23 % of the public following the story very closely. The Iraq war was the second most closely followed news story for 7 % of the public.
Afghans have more than half entered the U.S. under special immigrant visas since 2013. The number of Afghans entering the U.S. has fallen dramatically over the past four years. In 2017, nearly a quarter of Afghans ( 24 % ) entered the U.S. under special immigrant visas, up from 18 % in 2013. Meanwhile, the share of Iraqis entering the U.S. through special immigrant visas has risen from 12 % in 2013 to 18 % this year.
The share of Republicans who say colleges and universities are having a negative effect on the country has risen 18 percentage points since 2015, from 22 % to 44 %.
Today, 19 % of senators and 18 % of representatives have served in the military.
When asked about the appropriate role of cell phones in their lives, more than half of Indians ( 49 % ) own a cell phone. Some 49 % of Indians own a mobile phone to send or receive pictures of political news. And 59 % of Indians own a cell phone to use for things like this.
The U.S. Hispanic population reached a record 60.6 million in 2019, and up from 50.7 million in 2010, according to newly released U.S. Census Bureau population estimates.
A majority of Americans support the renewal of diplomatic relations with Cuba. A Pew Research Center survey from July 2015 found that 73 % of Americans approved of the thaw in relations between the two countries. A similar share also said they would favor ending the trade embargo the U.S. imposed against Cuba in 1960.
For the first time in more than six years, a majority of voters ( 59 % ) said they expected the president to gain influence with only a third ( 35 % ) of those with family incomes of $ 100,000 or more. By comparison, the number of voters who say they expect the president to gain influence with only a third of those with incomes below $ 30,000 ( 38 % ).
Television still dominates. Just over half of all Americans ( 50 % ) say they get most of their news about national and international issues from the internet, compared with 41 % who rely mostly on newspapers for this.
That survey found that about half of Indian Americans ( 51 % ) identify themselves as Hindus, while 5 % identify as Sikhs and 2 % as Jains ( two other religious groups that also observe Diwali ). Most of the rest are Christians ( 18 % ), Muslims ( 5 % ) or people unaffiliated with any religion ( 1 % ).
Puerto Rico ’s population has shrunk from about 1.6 million in 2000 to about 2.2 million in 2010, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of government data from both countries.
Overall, 54 % are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Turkey today, compared with 48 % who are satisfied.
The economy was the public ’s top story last week, closely followed by news about the Occupy Wall Street protests and the resulting stock market drop. About a quarter ( 27 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story.
partisan leaners are more likely than partisans to view the opposing party negatively ( 77 % vs. 8 %, respectively ).
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016, easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI In 2016, there were 127 reported victims compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001.
Among working parents, the balance of opinion is about the right amount of time. About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of working mothers say they spend too little time with their children. By contrast, 48 % of working fathers say they spend too little time with their children.
The survey asked people in France, Germany, Britain and Spain to identify themselves first as Christian ( 90 % of the public ) and then identify with their nationality ( 63 % ). In Britain and Spain, the share of the public identifying as Christian dropped from 46 % to 23 %. By contrast, the share of the public identifying as Christian dropped from 46 % to 21 %.
Opinion about expanding the use of nuclear power has fluctuated in recent years. However, the current measure matches a previous low in support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor, 53 % oppose ).
Overall, 48 % of Americans say they personally think being in a committed relationship is at least sometimes acceptable, while nearly as many ( 48 % ) say it ’s never acceptable.
The estimated 15 - cent gender pay gap among all workers in 2018 has narrowed from 36 cents in 1980. For young women, the gap has narrowed by a similar margin over time. In 1980, women ages 25 to 34 earned 33 cents less than their male counterparts, compared with 11 cents in 2018
Support for same sex - marriage among blacks has more than doubled compared with a decade ago ( 38 % then, 38 % now ), while the share of whites who favor same - sex marriage has increased from 24 % in 2007 to 44 % today.
Among Republicans, 40 % oppose granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children, compared with 44 % who favor a path to legal status for those who came to the U.S. illegally as children.
Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 68 % ) say news organizations give too much coverage to the protests, compared with about three - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 43 % ).
An overwhelming majority in Nigeria have an unfavorable opinion of Boko Haram. Overall, 82 % of Nigerians have an unfavorable view of Boko Haram, including 91 % of whom have a very unfavorable view
Obama ’s job approval rating among independents is in positive territory for the first time in nearly three years. Currently, 42 % of independents say they approve of the way Obama is handling his job as president, while 48 % disapprove. In November, Obama ’s job ratings among Democrats were more mixed ( 46 % approve, 32 % disapprove ).
84 % rate improving the job situation as a top priority. The percentage rating illegal immigration as a top priority has fallen to 41 %. And reducing health care costs remains a top priority to 59 % Americans.
New York ’s black electorate has nearly doubled since 2016, from 17 % to 32 %. However, white non - Hispanic eligible voters have increased fivefold since 2016, while the Hispanic share has declined fivefold, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. Immigrant eligible voters currently make up 23 % of all eligible voters in New York, down from 17 % in 2016. Among white non - Hispanic eligible voters are 11 %, similar to the
British enthusiasm for leaving the EU has been declining. In 2013, the British public was divided on the issue, with 46 % wanting to stay and 46 % expressing a desire to leave. In the 2015, more than half of Brits ( 55 % ) say they want to remain in the EU, while just 36 % say they want to go.
In terms of public interest, two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) express a favorable opinion of the Democratic Party, while 40 % view the Republican Party favorably.
In the 2013 survey, 88 % of Americans said love was a very important reason to get married ; 76 % shared that view By wide margins, companionship and family commitment were the next - most important reasons for people to get married.
By the third generation – a group made up of the U.S.-born children of U.S.-born parents and immigrant grandparents – the share that self - identifies as Hispanic falls to 77 %
The church ’s identity is reflected in demographic trends. Among the seven - day Adventist population, four - in - ten say they are either very or somewhat religious ( 40 % ), and about three - in - ten ( 37 % ) say they are mostly white. Somewhat fewer ( 17 % ) say they are mostly Hispanic, while 14 % say they are mostly white. And while about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they are mostly Christian,
The public ’s top story last week was rising gas prices. Fully 21 % of Americans followed news about rising gas prices very closely, and 23 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. Gas prices overshadowed the presidential campaign as the public ’s most closely followed story by a substantial margin. For 12 % of Americans the campaign was their top story ( 10 % followed the campaign very closely ).
Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) say the government should do more to help the needy, even if it means going deeper into debt.
The median age of the world ’s oldest non - Hispanics is 49 years old. In 2000, one - in - five adults ( 20 % ) lived at least one of the world ’s oldest non - Hispanics, with a median age of 28. In Asia, the world ’s youngest non - Hispanics had a median age of 22, and by 2100, the median age will have risen to 22.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 67 % ) say that using genetic engineering to improve the health of animals is an appropriate use of medical technology, while 41 % say it is an appropriate use of technology to reduce the spread of disease. And 57 % of Americans say that using animals to grow organs and tissues is a wrong decision.
94 % of U.S.-born Hispanics spoke English very well, compared with 88 % of Hispanics ages 18 to 29 and 88 % of those ages 30 to 49.
About nine - in - ten Americans ages 18 to 29 ( 92 % ) say they are following the protests very or fairly closely, compared with around six - in - ten ( 63 % ) of those 30 to 49. Younger adults are about twice as likely as older adults to say they are following news about the presidential candidates very or fairly closely ( 83 % vs. 54 % )
about one - in - ten in each group says they have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12 % of gun rights supporters, 10 % of gun control supporters ).
Americans are most likely to express confidence in medical scientists to act in the public interest. A substantial majority of Americans ( 55 % ) have at least a fair amount of confidence in medical scientists
New arrivals who receive green cards, on the other hand, are far more likely to be able to adjust their status than new arrivals. A fiscal year ago, in fiscal 2006, 46,881 were able to adjust their status, compared with 46,881 for new arrivals.
most ( 79 % ) say that Hispanics from different countries share “ a lot ” of values in common, while only 19 % say they share “ a little ” of values and 17 % say they share “ a lot ” of values in common.
Fully 61 % of Republican voters expect the GOP to do better in 2014 than the party has in recent elections, up from 55 % last October. About three - quarters of Democratic voters ( 76 % ) expect the party to do better than in recent elections, compared with just 26 % of Republicans.
In Hawaii, the island ’s multiracial population is 23 times the size of its single - race population in the U.S. In fact, non - Hispanic whites make up 22 % of the island ’s population, compared with 18 % of the overall population.
About three - quarters of Instagram users ( 76 % ) use the site daily, and half of Instagram users use the site less often.
Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect ( 73 % ) than say it would put a strain on the friendship ( 25 % )
Obama ’s job approval rating has dropped over the last few months and has now edged into negative territory. Today, 45 % of Americans approve of the way he is handling his job, while 49 % disapprove. As recently as last December, more approved of Obama ’s job performance ( 54 % ) than declined ( 49 % ). Obama ’s current job rating matches previous lows in the summer and fall of 2007.
Many Russians see inherent conflict in their relationship with the West, but few rule out cooperation. According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data, overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ).
In Puerto Rico, one - quarter of people are below the age of 15, and roughly one - quarter ( 24 % ) are 60 or older
About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) Japanese believe that the earthquake and tsunami will make Japan stronger, while just 32 % say the country will become weaker.
As recently as 2011, just 11 % of Russians had faith in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs. Today, 84 % of Russians have confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs.
Currently, 50 % say it is more important to control gun ownership, while 46 % say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns. Opinion has been divided since early 2009. From 1992 through 2008, majorities had said it was more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights.
57 % approve of the government ’s collection of phone and internet data as part of anti - terrorism efforts, while just 39 % disapprove.
Nearly half of all Americans ( 47 % ) say they very closely watched the congressional debate, which is on par with the percentage who say they followed this story very closely the previous year ( 42 % ).
Public views of allowing increased offshore oil and gas drilling shifted noticeably last year. Since last summer, they have shifted again. Currently, 57 % favor allowing more oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters, up 13 points since last June ( 44 % ). Nonetheless, support for expanded offshore drilling remains lower than in February 2010 ( 63 % ).
The share of members of the Senate that are foreign born has risen dramatically over the last 10 years. In the current Congress, immigrants accounted for 23 % of Congress, compared with about 10 % who were born in the previous Congress, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of newly released data from the American Political Science Center.
the share of independents who disapprove of the job Obama is doing as president has nearly doubled, from 12 % to 42 %. Today, 45 % of independents disapprove of the way Obama is handling his job, while 51 % approve.
In construction jobs, unauthorized immigrants were 15 % of all workers, more than three times their share among all U.S. workers. By contrast, legal immigrants accounted for 13 % of workers in construction, similar to their share among workers overall. Compared with their share of the overall U.S. workforce, unauthorized immigrants had a larger presence in production ( 8 % ), leisure and hospitality ( 7 % ) and manufacturing ( 6 % ). Meanwhile, the share of legal immigrants in these occupations was similar to the
In 2014, Millennials were the most likely to be married ( 32 % ). By comparison, 38 % of Gen Xers, 49 % of Baby Boomers and 64 % of the members of the Silent generation were married.
The survey finds that a majority of Americans ( 55 % ) say the “ typical American ” is patriotic, intelligent and selfish.
Two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 72 % ) say healthy eating is very important to improving a person ’s chances of a long and healthy life. A smaller share ( 25 % ) say physical activity is very important, while 26 % say getting enough physical exercise is very important and 34 % say it is not too important or not at all important.
Among those who favor the death penalty, 90 % of supporters say they are in favor of the death penalty and 68 % are opposed. Among those who oppose the death penalty, 49 % say it is morally wrong, while 42 % say it is morally wrong.
Women are also more likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree than men. In 2017, 38 % of 25- to 64 - year - old women were college - educated, compared with only 23 % of male men.
About nine - in - ten Hispanics ( 91 % ) approve of the job Obama is doing as president, while 91 % of blacks and 57 % of Hispanics say they approve.
Age is the primary demographic measure for online dating. Some 12 % of adults ages 18 to 29 say they have ever used a dating site or app, compared with 8 % of those ages 30 to 49 and 9 % of those 65 and older.
Among those who get their news from the internet, 45 % say they get their information from the internet on a daily basis. That ’s slightly higher than the 30 % of dial - up users who get their news from the internet. And among those who get their news from the internet, just 15 % say they get their news through the internet.
Roughly half of Democrats ( 47 % ) say the government does too little help for poor people
Five Star and League supporters are much more likely than their fellow countrymen to say immigrants are a burden on the U.S. economy ( 69 % each ) and to say immigrants increase the risk of terrorism in Italy ( 55 % each ). However, League supporters are more likely than Five Star supporters to say immigrants are a burden on the U.S. economy ( 49 % vs. 40 % ) and to say immigrants are a burden on the country ( 39 % vs. 40 % ).
In 2015, there was virtually no confidence in the U.S. president, with only 22 % of Mexicans and 22 % of Canadians expressing confidence in him.
The accuracy of the telephone surveys has been stable over time for most of the past two decades. In 2016, for example, the average accuracy of telephone surveys was 2.8 times that of the federal government ’s benchmark estimate for 2012. Among adults ages 18 to 29, the average accuracy was 2.8 times that of the federal government ’s estimate for 2016. In contrast, the mean accuracy of telephone surveys across demographic groups was 2.8 times that of adults ages 30 to 64.
Large majorities express favorable views of such government agencies as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ), NASA and the Defense Department Nearly as many ( 68 % ) have a favorable view of NASA
a 58 % majority say it is very important to build a stronger relationship between the U.S. and China.
Just 36 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say colleges and universities have a positive effect. Nearly eight - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 82 % ) say colleges and universities have a negative effect.
About half of Salvadoran adults ( 55 % ) identify themselves as Catholic. Roughly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) Salvadorans are Protestant. About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) Salvadorans are Protestant. Some 16 % of Salvadoran adults are religiously unaffiliated.
In Pew Research Center ’s most recent survey on the question, 50 % of registered voters say they think the Democratic Party is on the right track. In addition, 38 % say the GOP is on the left.
Some 80 % of women who live with a spouse or partner say they do most of the usual meal prep, including about three - quarters of those who live with a spouse or partner. And 75 % of women who live with a spouse or partner say they do all of the usual grocery shopping.
When asked whether the U.S. takes into account Indians ’ views of the U.S., more than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) said they consider the U.S. a great deal or fair amount of responsibility in international affairs, up from 63 % a decade ago.
By about two - to - one ( 62 % to 35 % ), more Americans say that reducing the deficit should be a top priority than reducing the spending of the federal government.
About seven - in - ten U.S. adults ( 72 % ) say they have contributed money to an organization with a position on gun policy in the past year, with 28 % saying they have done so. About two - thirds of gun owners ( 65 % ) who do n’t own guns say they have contributed money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy, compared with 10 % of those who do n’t own guns.
The accusations have coincided with a drop in the share of U.S. Catholics who approve of the way the pope is handling the abuse crisis. Just three - in - ten American Catholics ( 31 % ) now say the pontiff is doing a “ good ” ( 18 % ) or “ excellent ” ( 13 % ) job of addressing the sex abuse scandal, according to a new survey from Pew Research Center. This is much lower than the 54 % who gave Francis good or excellent marks in February 2014 (
66 % say they followed news about health care more closely than any other story.
Views are most optimistic in Jordan. Fully 80 % expect the war in Syria to end sometime in the next five years, including 32 % who think it will end within the year. Syrians living in Jordan are even more hopeful about the war in their homeland ; 64 % expect it will end within the year, 26 % say it will end within the next five years and only 10 % think it will continue for more than five years. Roughly two - thirds in Israel say the war will be over within the next five years, and 48 % in
The U.S. runs an identical trade deficit with China, which has a $ 266 per capita trade advantage with the U.S. ( total deficit divided by Germany ’s total population ). China has also built a stronger relationship with the U.S. ( total deficit divided by Germany ’s total population ), while the U.S. runs a trade deficit with China ( total deficit divided by Germany ’s total population ).
There were 1.2 million active users across the globe in 2014.
Drop - off voters were less engaged, though nearly half ( 49 % ) said they followed election news very closely. About four - in - ten consistent voters ( 41 % ) said they followed election news somewhat closely, compared with 27 % of consistent voters.
Attitudes toward immigrants and refugees have the lowest on the scale of nationalist, anti - immigration and anti - minority attitudes in Europe.
The most active tweeters in the U.S. are those who have tweeted about national politics. A quarter ( 23 % ) of U.S. adults with public accounts on Twitter say they have contributed money to a campaign or event, compared with 18 % who did so in 2016. A larger share of political tweeters on Twitter express political activity, compared with 14 % who did so in 2016.
Looking ahead, the public has mixed views of how the national economy will perform over the next year. About as many say conditions will be better a year from now as say they will be worse ( 28 % ) ; 44 % think they will be about the same as they are now.
About seven - in - ten ( 73 % ) believe that U.S. military presence is a good thing for the country.
Overall, 41 % say they have quite a lot of confidence in the future of the U.S., while another 30 % say they have some confidence. About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they are hearing mostly bad news. Just 5 % say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
The share of all black high school graduates who are Hispanic has dropped from 14 % in 1995 to 19 % in 2012. By comparison, the share of all white graduates who are Hispanic grew from 14 % in 1995 to 23 % in 2012.
In the new survey, partisan differences in views of U.S. global leadership have increased markedly. Currently, 31 % of Democrats say the U.S. plays a more important ( 49 % ) than less important ( 30 % ) role in the world. In April 2016, 38 % of Democrats said the U.S. was a less important world leader. Since then, the share of Republicans who say the U.S. is a world leader has fallen 15 percentage points, from 45 % to 31 %.
According to Pew Research Center estimates, the share of all legal permanent residents who have become naturalized U.S. citizens rose to 38 % in 2005, the highest level in three decades and an 18 percentage point increase since 1990.
About one - in - ten ( 13 % ) say they followed news about the release of the Bush book very closely ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Meanwhile, 15 % say they very closely followed news about the start of President Obama ’s trip to Asia.
In both parties, senators have a strong ideological base. Bill Clinton has nearly 50,000 followers as of July 25, compared with about 50,000 followers for those in the Senate ’s most liberal group, Sanders.
Traditional familial arrangements are generally accepted by U.S. Catholics. Nine - in - ten Catholics said that “ traditional families ” are acceptable. A similar share ( 94 % ) said that unmarried parents are acceptable as well. Only about a third ( 35 % ) said that unmarried parents are acceptable.
By a wide margin ( 58 % to 36 % ), Americans approve of the U.S. missile strikes against Syria in response to reports of the use of chemical weapons. By a comparable margin ( 61 % to 32 % ), the public says that Donald Trump does not have a clear plan for dealing with the situation in Syria.
In nearly every country surveyed, roughly half or more of the publics say satisfaction with the way things are going in their country. In many countries, there is widespread dissatisfaction with the way things are going in their countries. In China, Jordan and Pakistan, roughly seven - in - ten or more say they are satisfied with the way things are going in their country. In many other countries, there is less satisfaction.
Just 5 % of web - using U.S. adults have a lot of trust in the information they get from social media.
A majority of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 55 % ) say a person is generally more likely to be rich because they have had more advantages in life than others, while just 30 % say it is because they have worked harder. About half of Republicans and Republican leaners ( 53 % ) say a person is generally more likely to be rich because they have had more advantages in life than other people, while just 12 % say it is because they have worked harder
Only, in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude. Interestingly, Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ), the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ).
Fully 67 % of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters say they have an excellent or good rating for the GOP field, while just 43 % rate the field as only fair or poor. In August, just 22 % said the GOP field was excellent or good.
In the new survey, 92 % say that they are proud to be an American, while 39 % disagree. About four - in - ten U.S. Muslims ( 39 % ) say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in their country.
By comparison, the 2012 voter turnout rate among those ages 65 and older fell to 48.5 % in 2008, and among those younger than 30, it dropped to 35.6 % in 2012.
In fiscal 2018, the number of federal criminal arrests and prosecutions for immigration offenses grew by 26 %, according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics.
Only 19 % in Turkey like the U.S. president, while nearly three - quarters ( 73 % ) say he is a good thing.
while New Zealand ’s GRI score has been low since we first began measuring it in 2007, it did tick upwards slightly in 2016. This recent increase is due in part to derogatory statements made by Winston Peters, leader of the New Zealand First Party, when he said in June 2016 that certain countries “ treat their women like cattle, ” and suggested that all immigrants should be screened for unacceptable attitudes before being permitted to enter the country
Fully 67 % of Republicans say the media is unfriendly toward religion, while just 19 % say it is friendly.
The share of Republicans who say they do n’t want to see their own representative reelected – 38 % – is at its highest point in two decades.
About a fifth of newsroom employees live in the NYC metro area ( 14 % ), followed by about 12 % in the Washington, D.C. area ( 12 % ).
Visually - oriented social media platforms are more popular than voiced language platforms. More than six - in - ten girls ( 61 % ) use Instagram, compared with roughly half of boys ( 49 % ). Girls are also more likely than boys to use online pinboards ( 31 % vs. 23 % ).
Majorities of Americans say that imposing regulations to increase reliance on renewable energy sources will be the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources. About half ( 54 % ) of Americans say the private marketplace will be the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources, while 38 % say government regulations are necessary to ensure that all Americans rely on renewable energy sources.
While a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say there is too much economic inequality in the country, Democrats are nearly twice as likely as Republicans to say there is too little inequality ( 43 % vs. 13 % )
Currently, about a third ( 33 % ) approve of the job performance of Republican congressional leaders, while just 10 % approve of Democratic leaders.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are now more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say they have no confidence in Xi to do the right thing when it comes to world affairs ( 61 % vs. 48 % ).
India ’s projected population growth is expected to slow in the coming decades. Among Christians, the share of Muslims who are Hindus is projected to rise from 3 % in 2010 to 18 % in 2050. By contrast, the share of Christians who are Christians is projected to drop from 2 % to 3 % over this period. Similarly, the share of Christians who are Hindu is projected to rise from 2 % to 3 % in 2050.
News about the California wildfires topped the public ’s news interest last week. Fully 46 % followed news about the wildfires most closely, while 38 % named the story as their most closely followed story.
Unemployment rose appreciably from 5.4 % in January 1981 to 6.3 % by the end of the year.
In the new survey, 55 % of women expect 2008 to be a liker, compared with 40 % of men.
The cell phone sample has a smaller footprint than the full sample, which itself has a larger sample size.
Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games.
Just 37 % of Greeks had a favorable view of the EU, while 37 % expressed an unfavorable view. Majorities in all nine European countries surveyed gave the EU a positive rating, including 62 % in Germany and 64 % in France.
About a quarter of social media users – 26 % – say they follow science pages or accounts
Fully 73 % of Hispanics say that when their children are at home, they are just as well off as their parents ( 60 % ).
a strong democracy is essential for the United States. About nine - in - ten ( 89 % ) say it is very important to maintain a strong democracy in the United States, with 83 % saying it is somewhat important and 114 % saying it is not too or not at all important. On the other hand, a majority of the public ( 64 % ) says it is very important for news organizations to be free to criticize political leaders ; just 20 % say this is very important.
Drop - off voters reported less interest in news about the 2016 election than did consistent voters. Overall, 39 % of drop - off voters said they were following the election very closely, compared with 28 % of consistent voters.
Unlike home - sharing services, racial and ethnic differences in user experience are not limited to the very young. Among blacks, 15 % have used a ride - hailing service, compared with 14 % of Hispanics and 15 % of blacks.
Two - thirds of Muslims in the United States identify with or lean toward the Democratic Party, while roughly two - thirds ( 66 % ) identify as or lean Democratic.
20 % of Republicans say fathers should n’t be able to take paternity leave, while 14 % say men should be able to do so. Among Republicans, 40 % say fathers should be able to take leave, while 20 % say they should be required to do so. By contrast, Republicans are divided on the question by ideology : 40 % say fathers should be able to take leave, while 11 % say they should be required to do so unpaid.
The Arab - American population in the U.S. has reached nearly 2.2 million in 2012.
A majority of Mexicans ( 58 % ) see water pollution as a very big problem.
The high school graduation gap between black and white Americans has closed dramatically. In 2015, only 27 % of black adults ages 25 and older had completed at least a bachelor ’s degree, compared with 42 % of whites.
Only 44 % of AAAS scientists say this is a bad time for their scientific specialty, while 47 % think it is a good time to start a career in their field.
Europeans are the most satisfied with their lives, with a median of 57 % expressing a good view of their lives.
Among Democrats, higher education is associated with the belief that global warming is mostly caused by human activity. Fully 75 % of Democrats with college degrees say that the earth is warming and that this is caused by human activity. Just 52 % of Democrats with less education express this view.
Half of male Facebook users say that in the past year has become more important to them, compared with 30 % of women who say the same. And 6 % of male Facebook users say they have increased their time using the site.
Most Americans say they believe in God or a universal spirit, but the share who say they believe in God with absolute certainty is down — from 92 % in 2007 to 63 % in 2014.
According to Pew Research Center projections, a small share of California ’s population will be Hispanic by 2060, compared with 45 % in 2007.
In the U.S., fewer people say that a day in their country has been particularly good ( just 7 % ) than say it was particularly good ( 5 % ).
Overall, 57 % of teens say they are worried about the possibility of a shooting happening at their school, with one - in - four saying they are very worried. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they are not too worried about this, and just 13 % say they are not at all worried. Nonwhite teens express a higher level of concern than their white peers. Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of nonwhite teens, including 73 % of Hispanics
According to our estimate, there were about 34 million unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 2015. This is more than three times the number of lawful immigrants who were in the country at the time, and more than a quarter of those who were lawful immigrants, according to our analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
One - in - five women ( 25 % ) say they regularly wear a watch or fitness tracker, compared with 21 % of men.
Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful in today ’s economy, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2016 The only entity or institution that more people say has a lot of responsibility is “ individuals themselves, ” cited by 72 % of adults. Americans express a bit more ambivalence toward the role of colleges and universities in workforce preparation, with around half of adults ( 52 % ) saying
By a ratio of two - to - one, Americans say the government should focus more on prosecuting drug users rather than on providing treatment for those addicted to drugs ( 67 % vs. 26 % ). On the other hand, a majority ( 67 % ) says the government should focus more on providing treatment to drug users.
Over half of Americans ( 55 % ) have a favorable view of the pontiff. Only 11 % see the pope unfavorably, and 14 % give no rating.
In addition to government - imposed restrictions on religion, sub - Saharan Africa stands out in terms of its relatively high rates of government restrictions. A median of 1.8 government restrictions in 2015 were imposed by the government.
a larger share of Americans – almost eight - in - ten – said the spread of infectious diseases was a major threat to the United States.
More than eight - in - ten Lebanese ( 81 % ) and Jordanians ( 96 % ) express unfavorable views of Netanyahu.
Across the eight EU nations surveyed between June and August 2020, a median of 73 % approved of their own country ’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak. By comparison, 88 % of Germans, 87 % of Dutch and 74 % of Italians said their country had done well
In assessing the relationship between the Palestinians and Israel, Democrats are now about as likely as Republicans to say they sympathize more with Israel ( 38 % vs. 13 % ).
Half of the British public said they wanted to remain in the EU, while only 41 % said they wanted to go.
Nearly two - thirds of Hispanic immigrants ages 18 and older live in the U.S. ( 65 % ), compared with 55 % of foreign - born Hispanics. But among those younger than 18, the share is nearly half ( 49 % ).
The public paid fairly close attention to news about the current situation and events in Iraq. 42 % say this was the news they followed most closely last week.
More than half ( 49 % ) say Obama should be more involved in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict, while just 15 % say he should be smaller and 15 % say his role should be bigger.
About a quarter of the public ( 27 % ) says they very closely followed news about the government crackdown on protesters in a West Virginia coal mine ; 2 % say this was the news they followed most closely. The explosion accounted for 2 % of coverage.
The new national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Jan. 9 - 14, 2019, finds that nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 58 % ) say that expanding the wall along the entire U.S.-Mexico border will lead to a major reduction in illegal immigration
Roughly half ( 53 % ) of Americans ages 18 to 29 say they have ordered online or through an app from a restaurant or app, while 32 % say they have ordered from a local store or service.
34 % say they followed news about the immigration debate very closely, while 11 % say this was the story they followed most closely.
The share of Republicans and Republican leaners who say they agree with the Tea Party has dropped from 27 % in 2010 to 23 % in 2014.
As was the case then, about half of Americans ( 49 % ) now view Russia as a serious problem, up from 26 % in March.
. Overall, 63 % approve of the administration ’s decision to renew diplomatic relations with Cuba, while just 28 % disapprove.
The largest percentage of Americans who identify as Irish ancestry is in Massachusetts ( 66 % ), New Hampshire ( 210 % ), and Vermont ( 17.9 % ).
In the current survey, 39 % say they followed news about the immigration debate more closely than any other major story.
Most adults continue to say that the economy is recovering. About a quarter ( 26 % ) say the economy will be better off, while just 13 % think it will be worse.
The most active Twitter users – those who are Democrats or those who lean toward the Democratic Party – are responsible for 69 % of all tweets created by U.S. adults.
A median of 74 % across the 20 countries surveyed in 2014 say crime is a very big problem in their country, up from 54 % four years ago. And 73 % see corruption as a very big problem.
Roughly half of Democrats ( 52 % ) say they should use force to defend an Asian ally if it got into a serious military conflict with China.
Most Muslims in Turkey ( 63 % ) and Jordan ( 60 % ) say there is a conflict between being a devout Muslim and living in a modern society.
The president ’s overall job approval rating has fallen 15 points since mid - February, from 50 % to 43 %.
Currently, 39 % say too many people are easily offended by language today, while 59 % say too many are easily offended and 21 % say people need to be more careful with language to avoid offending people of different backgrounds.
About a fifth of Americans ( 22 % ) display consistently trustful attitudes on these questions
Indians overwhelmingly see their country gaining global prominence. Nearly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) believe India will one day be the world ’s leading economic power. Only 8 % believe India will surpass the U.S. as the world ’s leading power.
Public interest in the Iraq war remained high last week as the country marked the fourth anniversary of the conflict Beyond Iraq, the public divided its attention fairy evenly among the other top stories of the week – a hostage story for the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan, and news about the liberties of the prisoners held captive by the Iranian government. Fully 36 % said the news about the gas prices was the single news story they followed more closely than any other, placing it second only to the presidential campaign
A median of just 30 % across the 38 countries surveyed voice the view that their economy is doing poorly. That compares with 54 % in the U.S. and 38 % in Canada.
37 % of Americans say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, compared with 44 % who say it should be illegal in all or most cases.
The Obama administration deported a record 438,421 migrants in fiscal year 2013, continuing a streak of stepped up enforcement that has resulted in more than 2 million deportations since Obama took office.
The survey examined attitudes toward immigrants from the former Soviet Union, and finds that nearly three - quarters of Israeli Jews ( 73 % ) say they believe in God “ always light, ” according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2015. About one - in - five ( 19 % ) of Israeli Jews say that they believe in God “ always light, ” while about one - in - five ( 19 % ) say the same about their parents.
About eight - in - ten blacks who have attended college ( 81 % ) say they have experienced discrimination or been treated unfairly because of their race or ethnicity. Among those who have not attended college, 59 % say they have experienced discrimination or unfair treatment.
Three - quarters of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners say the pre - emptive use of military force can rarely or never be justified
Nearly seven - in - ten Russians ( 69 % ) say their country is playing a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago. Only around one - in - five ( 17 % ) believe Russia plays a less important role today than it did 10 years ago.
One - in - five adults ages 50 and older who have been married multiple times or for less than 10 years have experienced a divorce, compared with about a third among those who have been married for less than 10 years.
Close to four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely, while 31 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
In 2015, HBCU students were enrolled at a historically black college or university, which is unchanged from 1980.
During the first two months of 2005, we estimated that users of WinMX would be more likely to use a peer to peer application program, while the number of WinMX users was smaller. In the first quarter of 2003, we estimated that users would be more likely to use a peer to peer application program, while the number of WinMX users was smaller.
More than a quarter of the general public ( 22 % ) say that when asked about a gay or lesbian person, the first thing they think about is whether they think of themselves as gay ( 32 % ) or lesbian ( 42 % ).
The Pew Research Center survey shows declining favorability for the Supreme Court 52 % say they have a favorable opinion of the nation ’s top court, down from 58 % in 2010 and the previous low of 57 % in 2005 and 2007. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they have an unfavorable view, which approaches the high reached in 2005 ( 30 % ).
Few Democratic voters ( 41 % ) say it is more important for a candidate to stick to their core beliefs and not compromise with the other party, while nearly as many ( 41 % ) say it is more important for a candidate to compromise with the other party.
In the most recent survey by Pew Research Center, 55 % of married couples said they planned to marry in the year before their 25th anniversary. That ’s down from 65 % in 2010, but still a significant increase from the 74 % of married couples who said the same in 2011.
The vast majority of vice presidential nominees ( 85 % ) have served in government since 2008.
In the Philippines, there has been a substantial increase in the proportion of adults who believe that having a strong economic relationship is more important than being tough on territorial disputes with China. In 2015, 78 % prioritized stronger economic ties with China, while 41 % prioritized being tougher on territorial disputes.
More than six - in - ten Americans ( 66 % ) disapprove of the Supreme Court ’s decision that requires the reading of the Bible verses in public schools, with views somewhat more negative ( 41 % ) than positive ( 38 % ).
Americans are most likely to trust medical scientists to give full and accurate information about the risks and benefits of the childhood vaccine. Majorities say they trust medical scientists a lot to give full and accurate information about the risks and benefits of the vaccine, including 55 % who say they trust medical scientists a lot
81 % favor making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks. 71 % oppose making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks.
The survey finds that a majority of whites ( 64 % ) say Obama will be remembered as an above average or outstanding president, while about equal shares of blacks ( 72 % ) and whites ( 61 % ) say he will be seen as average.
Roughly three - quarters of Chinese ( 79 % ) think their country needs to be protected from its traditional ways of life. Only 17 % believe that commercialism is a good thing.
About half of Hispanic teens ( 50 % ) said in a 2019 survey that it is necessary to believe in God to be moral, while 40 % said it is not necessary. Another 38 % said it is not necessary to believe in other religions to be moral.
A third ( 32 % ) say that the U.S. will be a part of “ everyday life ” in the future of terrorism, while 40 % disagree.
Three - in - ten say they followed the economic news more closely than any other story last week. The mortgage debate was the top story for 8 % of the public, and 10 % listed this as their most closely followed story.
In 2014, the financial well - being of immigrant moms was 12 times the level of the U.S.-born population of new U.S. mothers, compared with 37 % of foreign - born women and 14 % of Chinese women.
Roughly four - in - ten rural residents ( 41 % ) say they know all or most of their neighbors, compared with 28 % of suburban residents and 48 % of urban residents.
During the Trump administration, the top countries of origin for refugees have been the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 3,235 ), followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 2,470 ), Iraq ( 1,923 ), Somalia ( 1,879 ), Syria ( 1,779 ) and Ukraine ( 1,603 ). These six countries have made up two - thirds ( 67 % ) of all refugees entering the U.S.
Currently, 46 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy, edging up from 37 % in June but 10 points higher than in May ( 31 % ). Over the past two months, the proportion reporting they are hearing a mix of good and bad news has fallen from 64 % to 46 %. Very few Americans ( 3 % currently ) continue to say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
More than half ( 54 % ) of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the U.S. does too little to solve world problems ; fewer ( 30 % ) say it does too much. The share of Republicans who say the U.S. does too little to solve global problems has fallen from 41 % in April 2016 to 28 % today.
Hispanics voted for Obama over Romney by a margin of more than two - to - one in the 2012 presidential election, 71 % of Hispanic women and 76 % of Hispanic men said they voted for the former president.
The age divide in the U.S. is stark. Nearly two - thirds of registered voters ( 65 and older ) are 50 and older. Just 17 % of voters are 65 or older.
Fewer than one - in - five Israelis ( 12 % ) have a positive view of Rouhani, while a median of 59 % express an unfavorable opinion.
As the June 30 deadline for negotiations over its nuclear program approaches, a new Pew Research Center poll finds that attitudes toward Iran are mostly negative worldwide
Among those who own guns, 21 % say they have ever reached a point of view on gun policy, including 12 % who say they have done so in the past year. Among those who say gun laws should be stricter, 19 % say they have never spoken to a public official about gun policy, while 12 % say they have done so in the past year.
The public remains divided over whether the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible ( 46 % ) or keep troops in Iraq until the situation has stabilized ( 50 % ).
In terms of specific platforms, YouTube and Facebook are the most widely used online platforms among U.S. adults, with roughly seven - in - ten Americans saying they use each site.
2 % of workers ages 18 to 24 reported that they had ever lost a job because their employers replaced their positions with a machine or computer program.
There were 7.2 million births in the Mexican - American population between 2000 and 2010.
The number of Somalia refugees living in the Somalia region has increased significantly since 1990. In 2015, about 408,000 Somalia migrants lived in the United States, up from 108,000 in 2000. Meanwhile, the number of Somalia refugees living in Somalia has decreased considerably since 1990.
The public is wary about what will happen with the next generation of medical devices : 81 % expect this to happen, while only about half ( 52 % ) expect it will be possible to completely eliminate all types of devices.
Eight - in - ten U.S. Muslims say they fast during the holy month of Ramadan, including eight - in - ten who say they do so not too or not at all. The vast majority ( 92 % ) of Muslims in the U.S. say they do this.
Americans broadly found it acceptable for the government to monitor certain people, but not U.S. citizens, according to the 2014 - 15 survey. About eight - in - ten adults ( 82 % ) said it was acceptable for the government to monitor communications of suspected terrorists, and equal majorities said it was acceptable to monitor communications of American leaders and foreign leaders ( 60 % each ). Yet 57 % of Americans said it was unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens.
The U.S. is the only country in which fewer than six - in - ten adults were in the middle class. The middle class is a significant presence in the Western European countries. Middle - class shares ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway in 2010.
The British government ’s investigation into the attempted bombing of a British car bomb in London was the public ’s top story last week. Roughly a third of the public ( 34 % ) paid very close attention to this story, and 21 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other.
Just 23 % of white women say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, compared with 54 % of white men. And while white women are more likely than white men to say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, just 11 % of white men say this.
Of the 84,995 refugees admitted to the U.S. in fiscal year 2017, the largest numbers came from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Syria, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Iraq. ( Refugees in the U.S. are defined differently and a different process is used in accepting refugees than in the EU. )
More than 4.5 million newlyweds in 2012 were married to someone of a different race or ethnicity, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of census data.
About six - in - ten multiracial adults ( 59 % ) said their multiracial background made them feel more open to other cultures
Roughly two - thirds ( 68 % ) of crowdfunding donors have contributed to a project to help a person facing a hardship or financial challenge, and around six - in - ten say they did so on behalf of an acquaintance, close friend or family member.
A year ago, 71 % of Republicans approved of the tax law, while fewer Republicans ( 40 % ) said they disapproved. Today, more Republicans are divided ( 43 % approve, 35 % disapprove ) than they were in January 2018 ( 46 % approve, 35 % disapprove ).
While the media divided its attention between news about the 2012 candidates for president and news about the economy, the public continued to focus most closely on news about the struggling economy. A quarter of the public ( 25 % ) says that news about the condition of the economy was their top story of the week, while 14 % say they followed news about the presidential campaign most closely.
Overall, whites are more likely than blacks to say race relations come up in conversations with their family and friends at least sometimes. About four - in - ten blacks ( 38 % ) say this often, compared with 12 % of Hispanics and 17 % of Asians.
When it comes to gender equality, about six - in - ten women ( 61 % ) say the country has n’t gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men, while 39 % say it ’s been about right and 13 % say it ’s been about right. Republican women are particularly likely to say gender equality is important ( 54 % ). Less than four - in - ten Republican women ( 41 % ) and Democratic men ( 37 % ) say the country has n’t gone
The Democrats hold a narrow, six - point edge ( 43 % to 37 % ) as the party better able to handle the economy.
Hispanic registered voters have an unfavorable opinion of President Obama, with 76 % expressing a favorable opinion of him, as do 73 % of Hispanic registered voters.
Majorities in Great Britain ( 69 % ), France ( 58 % ) and Spain ( 59 % ) say they are concerned about the future of Muslims in their country.
Most Americans ( 60 % ) say the primary reason there are more cases of the coronavirus is that more people are being tested for COVID-19 than in previous cases. Among Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents, 80 % say this is the primary reason, while 19 % attribute it to new infections and about half ( 49 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners.
When asked about eight specific issues affecting the U.S.-China relationship, majorities of Americans rank all eight as at least a somewhat serious problem, with roughly six - in - ten citing the large amount of U.S. debt held by China ( 59 % ) and cyberattacks as very serious problems ( 55 % ).
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in May found that 62 % of Hispanic adults identify themselves as Catholic. This represents a modest decline from the 58 % share who said they were Catholic in 2010.
Seven - in - ten Japanese say economic ties are good with the U.S. and 34 % say the same about China. South Koreans are also more likely than others to say current economic ties with the U.S. are bad ( 37 % vs. 24 % ).
In the U.S., the rates of violent crimes and property crimes have fallen sharply since the 1990s, regardless of which country was hit by the Great Recession.
By race and ethnicity, more Asian immigrants than Hispanics make up a sizable share of the U.S. immigrant electorate in California. Overall, 46 % of foreign - born eligible voters were Asian, while 34 % were Hispanic, 13 % were black and 6 % were another race or two racial or ethnic group.
While 28 % of Indians use the internet, only 19 % of South Indians do so.
Today, al Qaeda is widely reviled, with a median of 57 % expressing an unfavorable opinion. The Taliban, are viewed negatively by a median of 51 % of Muslims in the countries polled.
For instance, the overdose rate for urban and rural residents was 7.8 per 100,000, versus 4.6 per 100,000 for suburban and urban counties.
A majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say they think Republicans and Democrats in Washington will bicker and oppose one another more than usual.
Among Republicans, Republicans are as likely as Democrats to name Germany as their country ’s most important partner ( 64 % vs. 23 % ).
The share of Millennials who identify as liberal Democrats has grown in recent years 15 percentage points since 2000 ( 21 % ), while the share of Gen Xers who identify as conservatives has held steady at 28 %.
Only 19 % of Turks have a favorable view of the U.S., while 73 % express an unfavorable opinion of Russia.
In this Pew survey, majorities in seven of eight nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including 71 % in Turkey and 58 % in Lebanon.
Obama ’s overall job approval rating stands at 51 % His current job rating places him just below Bill Clinton ’s ( 57 % approved ).
Americans are divided over fact - checking efforts by news outlets and other organizations. Half of U.S. adults said in an early 2019 survey that fact - checking efforts by these organizations deal fairly with all sides, while 48 % said they tend to favor one side.
There is a strong positive correlation between internet use in the wealthier countries and the rate of growth that occurs in the less wealthy nations. For example, nearly nine - in - ten people in the wealthier countries surveyed say they use the internet. And there is a strong relationship between internet use in the Netherlands and Sweden.
57 % say there is solid evidence the earth is getting warmer, up from 63 % last year. Currently, 42 % say warming is mostly because of human activity. Last year, 38 % mostly attributed global warming to human activity and in 2010 34 % did so.
Millennials are considerably more liberal than other generations : About four - in - ten Millennials are mostly ( 28 % ) or consistently ( 13 % ) liberal in their views, compared with 15 % who are mostly ( 12 % ) or consistently ( 3 % ) conservative ( 44 % are ideologically mixed )
The proportion of Americans who are multiracial has changed very little in recent years. Today, about one - in - five whites ( 26 % ) are multiracial, up from one - in - five whites ( 18 % ) and one - in - five Hispanics ( 11 % ).
However, during those same four years the growth of the Latino vote continued to lag well behind the growth of the Latino population. This widening gap is driven entirely by two key demographic trends : a high percentage of the new Hispanics in the population are either too young to vote or ineligible because they are not citizens ( Figure 1 ). About 5.6 million Hispanics voted in the 2006 mid - term election, which historically draws far fewer voters than the quadrennial race for president. Latinos accounted for 5.8
In the new survey, 87 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say that global respect for the U.S. has declined, and this is a major problem for the country. Just 13 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say the U.S. is less respected than it was a decade ago ; in the previous survey, fewer Americans ( 42 % ) said the U.S. was less respected than it was a decade ago.
half of Ukrainians ( 49 % ) want Ukraine to unite as a single state. Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of Russians ( 67 % ) say Ukraine should unite as a single state.
Knowledge of QAnon grew on both sides of the political aisle, though Democrats ’ awareness continues to outpace that of Republicans. As of September, more than half ( 59 % ) of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents who have heard of the conspiracy theories have heard at least a little about it, compared with 43 % of Republicans and Republican leaners who have heard of it.
Views of Russia are more positive in China than they are in the United States. a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2015 found that 89 % of Americans have a favorable opinion of Russia, compared with 41 % who see the country unfavorably. In Turkey, however, opinion is more negative ( 56 % favorable vs. 35 % unfavorable ).
Overall, about eight - in - ten Americans say that politicians, large corporations and the wealthy have too much power and influence in the economy today. A majority ( 84 % ) say this, while roughly a third ( 32 % ) say technology companies have too little influence. Far fewer ( 19 % ) think the middle class has too much influence.
Those who are comfortable going to the grocery store are the most likely to say they ’re comfortable going to a party or meeting with a close friend or family member ( 75 % ). And roughly half ( 53 % ) of those who are uncomfortable going to a salon or barbershop say they are comfortable doing so.
Across the six nations polled, a median of 57 % see ISIS as a major threat to the well - being of the United States.
United Methodists have become more accepting of homosexuality over the past 15 years. In a 2014 study of the U.S., about half of United Methodists ( 51 % ) said homosexuality should be accepted by society, while 39 % said it should be discouraged
A majority of the public ( 55 % ) says they are angry with the government, while about two - in - ten say they are basically content.
Fully 72 % of Russians said that homosexuality is morally unacceptable.
There is no consensus in views of America ’s prominence in world affairs. A median of 70 % believe China plays a larger role in the world today than it did 10 years ago, a significantly higher share than for the U.S. ( 31 % ), India ( 27 % ) and the UK ( 21 % ).
Just one - in - five are satisfied with the way things are going in Japan, while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) are dissatisfied The degree of dissatisfaction is up slightly from last year ( 72 % ).
In 2004, only 10 % of those younger than 30 voted.
Today, 59 % of Americans say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power, down from 54 % in March.
Today, 87 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say it would be too risky to give presidents more power to deal directly with the nation ’s problems, while 65 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say the same
The average monthly increase in the Mexican immigrant population from mid-2000 to mid-2007 was about 455,000 persons.
73 % of black Democrats say belief in God is necessary for morality, down from 55 % in 2011.
Flagged - inactive cellphone numbers were found to be working and residential ( 86 % ) and non - residential ( 75 % ) users, while one - in - ten ( 10 % ) were flagged as inactive and the remainder ( 4 % ) had false negatives.
19 % say they followed news about candidates for the 2012 presidential elections more closely than any other news last week.
Overall, 61 % of Republicans favor building the Keystone XL pipeline, while just 29 % are opposed. But Democrats are divided : 47 % oppose building the pipeline, while 34 % favor it.
Majorities in most countries across the region are upbeat about free markets, with similar levels of support among young and old, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of adults in 18 Central and Eastern European countries.
Indians give the country low marks for its handling of pollution ( 51 % say it has gotten worse ), the gap between rich and poor ( 27 % ) and jobs ( 21 % ). However, a majority of the Indian public ( 65 % ) says that the country has gotten better on corruption ( 65 % ) and terrorism ( 59 % ) in recent years.
Fox News has sprinted past Microsoft to become the biggest player in the U.S. In 2015, the channel ’s annual revenue was $ 5 billion, according to its projections.
Across the nine countries surveyed, a median of 78 % say the wealthy have too much influence in their political system, with Indonesia a notable exception Fewer say the same about the wealthy in South Africa, where just 17 % say the wealthy have too little influence.
Among white evangelical Protestants, 77 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases ; just 17 % say it should be illegal. A smaller majority of white mainline Protestants ( 54 % ) also say abortion should be legal.
For the first time on record, the death rate for self - identified gun owners is higher than the death rate for handguns. In 2010, the death rate for handguns was 5.9 per 100,000.
Currently, 52 % say the United States “ should mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own. ”
Among adults who live in rural areas, 46 % say they own a gun, compared with 28 % of adults who live in the suburbs and even fewer – 19 % – in urban areas
71 % of undocumented immigrants said they should be allowed to apply for legal status if they meet certain requirements. About a third ( 32 % ) said they should be allowed to stay in the U.S. legally, if they meet certain requirements.
Just 43 % of the public says that the political donors who give a lot of money to elected officials do not have more influence over the other people.
As the June 30 deadline for negotiations over its nuclear program approaches, a new Pew Research Center poll finds that 63 % of Republicans say they think ISIS poses a major threat to the well - being of the United States. A smaller majority of Democrats ( 56 % ) see ISIS as a major threat, compared with 38 % of Republicans.
Russian views of China have improved markedly, rising from 64 % in 2014 – roughly the level they had been at since 2007 – to 79 %.
The unemployment rates for 16- to 24 - year - olds are also higher than those for their younger counterparts.
With the exception of YouTube – the video - sharing platform used by 73 % of adults – no other major social media platform comes close to Facebook in terms of usage. Around four - in - ten U.S. adults ( 37 % ) say they use Instagram, while smaller shares say they use Pinterest, Snapchat, LinkedIn, Twitter and WhatsApp. WhatsApp is the most widely used social media platform among U.S. adults, with 20 % of users saying they use it
The public expresses broadest support for increased federal spending on education, veterans benefits and the military. About seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say that, if they were making the budget for the federal government this year, they would increase spending on education, veterans benefits and the military. On a range of other programs, there is widespread public support for either increasing spending or maintaining it at current levels. For example, 50 % say they would increase spending on health care, while 27 % would keep it the same, and
Puerto Rico ’s population loss has accelerated. From 2005 to 2014, the island ’s population loss was 4.8 %.
Roughly four - in - ten YouTube users ( 42 % ) say they frequently or sometimes see videos that appear false or untrue, and about a quarter ( 25 % ) say they see videos that engage in dangerous or troubling behavior. A smaller share of YouTube users ( 32 % ) say they often or sometimes see videos that are abusive or demeaning toward others.
Around six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it is a good thing that more women are running for Congress than in the past, while about a quarter ( 27 % ) say it is a bad thing.
The shift is mostly driven by changing views among Americans on the issue. The share of Americans who say legal immigration into the United States should be decreased has fallen 15 percentage points since 2001, from 53 % to 39 %. Still, about twice as many Americans say legal immigration should be increased ( from 21 % to 10 % ).
While a 53 % majority in this same poll favored the government doing a lot to reduce poverty, just 43 % said the government should do a lot to reduce the gap between the rich and everyone else
a greater share of Americans want to cooperate more with the UK ( 76 % ) than of Germans who say the same ( 51 % )
The Hispanic share of the electorate has fallen sharply in recent years, falling from 8.5 % in 2006 to a historic high of 10.6 % in 2014.
A majority of Hispanic origin Hispanics ( 61 % ) identify themselves as Catholic. Roughly half ( 49 % ) of Cubans, 46 % of Puerto Ricans and 22 % of Salvadorans say they are Catholic.
Some 44 % of Americans have a great deal of confidence these companies will make a profit in their space - related ventures, with 36 % saying they are fairly confident that space companies will be profitable
Only a slight majority in Germany ( 52 % ), Great Britain ( 30 % ) and the U.S. ( 25 % ) describe Muslims as greedy.
Asians are the largest racial or ethnic group among the new Hispanic generation. Fully 57 % of Millennials ages 18 to 33 were Hispanic, while 21 % were Asian and 13 % were another race. By contrast, about six - in - ten Gen Xers ( ages 36 to 49 ) were nonwhite, including 12 % who were Asian and 8 % who were Asian.
Millennials are projected to be in the 21st century. In 2012, labor force participation fell to 44 % among those ages 16 to 19, and by 2022, it will rise to 54 % among those 50 and older.
Nonetheless, the proportion of Americans who say they would have used the atomic bomb in Japan is near zero. More than four - in - ten Americans ( 44 % ) say they would not have used the bomb. Just 26 % say they would have used the bomb.
The public paid very close attention to news about the shutdown of the federal government and its impact on the nation ’s economy. About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story. Another 13 % say they followed news about the economy most closely.
Americans are about evenly divided in their expectations about the extent of U.S. influence in world affairs after the pandemic, with 45 % expecting a decline and 19 % expecting no change.
A plurality of the public ( 44 % ) says that corrupt officials are a very big problem.
76 % of Americans favor requiring unauthorized immigrants to speak English. But just 41 % support a five - year period in which they can only legally stay in the U.S..
Only a minority of Americans say that almost all ( 14 % ) or more than half ( 28 % ) of scientists agree that GM foods are safe to eat.
In Turkey, Jordan and Egypt, roughly half or more believe the war has made the world a safer place for Saddam Hussein. Similarly, in Turkey, Jordan and Egypt, roughly six - in - ten or more believe the war has made the world a safer place.
There were 93,452 apprehensions in October, a 53 % decrease from the previous year, when apprehensions regularly topped 1 million per year.
It ’s important to note that while the share of college - educated immigrants in the U.S. trails those of some other countries, the U.S. is home to the largest number of college - educated immigrants in the world. As of 2015, the U.S. had some 14.7 million immigrants ages 25 and older with a postsecondary diploma or college degree. This is more than three times the number in Canada ( 4.4 million ) and about four times as many as the UK ( 3.4 million ). Other countries with high numbers of
In Pew ’s latest survey, as many Americans say the situation in Iraq is going well as say it is not a good thing that the United States will bring its troops home as soon as possible. In December 2006, fully 52 % said the war in Iraq was mostly a civil war, while just 33 % said it was mostly a war.
The survey finds that 57 % say it is very important to them personally, up from 32 % three years ago. Still, just 17 % say it is somewhat important to them personally.
About half of voters ( 51 % ) say they are following news about the coronavirus outbreak very closely, compared with 28 % who are following news about the presidential candidates very closely.
Most Latinos ( 71 % ) say it will be necessary for the president and Congress to pass an additional economic assistance package for the country facing the COVID-19 outbreak. About two - thirds ( 66 % ) of Hispanics say this will not be necessary and 21 % say it will be necessary to pass another economic assistance package.
The share of U.S. unauthorized immigrants who have been in the U.S. for five years or less is at an historic high. In 2017, 36 % of unauthorized immigrants had been in the U.S. for five years or less. In 2017, 36 % of unauthorized immigrants had been in the U.S. for five years or less.
In the current survey, 41 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners view Bernanke favorably, while 45 % of Republicans and Republican leaners view him unfavorably.
The ability to work remotely is seen across all workforce types. Among workers with a bachelor ’s degree or more, women ( 46 % ) are more likely than men ( 46 % ) to say they have the option to do so. In addition, women are more likely than men ( 26 % vs. 44 % ) to say this.
The public expresses more confidence in the military than in business leaders. Fully eight - in - ten say they have confidence in the military to act in the best interests of the public.
In 2018, turnout among Asian naturalized citizens was 44.2 %, compared with 42.7 for U.S.-born Asians. Among Hispanics, naturalized - citizen turnout was 44.2 %, higher than the turnout for U.S.-born Hispanics ( 44.2 % ).
More than four - in - ten Americans ( 41 % ) say they heard a lot about the hijacking of a U.S. yacht by Somali pirates ; 40 % say they heard a little. Just more than three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they heard nothing at all about this.
Older adults are more likely than older adults to use their phones to get news about televised content. Some 43 % of cell owners ages 18 - 24 have used their phone in the past 30 days to get news about televised content, compared with 44 % of those ages 25 - 64.
A median of 65 % across the 38 countries surveyed said the U.S. should use military force to monitor and detain American citizens. Across the 38 countries, a median of 62 % said the U.S. should use military force to monitor and detain American citizens.
Among registered voters who support Democratic candidates, 70 % say they have a favorable opinion of Obama, while just 31 % view him unfavorably. Among voters who back Republican candidates, 96 % express a favorable opinion of Obama, while 81 % view Kerry unfavorably.
Americans continued to follow news about the devastating tornadoes in the Midwest more closely than any other news last week, though they also closely followed news about the nation ’s struggling economy. Nearly half ( 48 % ) say they followed news about the freak tornado more closely than any other story, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted May 26 - 29 by the Pew Research Center.
In 2008, just 37 % expressed a favorable view of the federal government.
Roughly seven - in - ten Republicans ( 67 % ) disapprove of the way the Obama administration is handling the situation involving Russia and Ukraine. About half of Democrats ( 52 % ) disapprove of the way the Obama administration is handling the situation involving Russia and Ukraine.
People in emerging and developing nations are quickly catching up to those in advanced nations in terms of access to technology. About half of adults across the emerging and developing economies surveyed say that they use the internet. While many people are not yet experiencing the technology revolution, it also means most people in these countries now use the internet. Among the countries surveyed in both 2013 and 2015, a median of only 45 % had access in 2013, but that number had risen to 54 % by 2015.
Latino adults expect their children will be better off than themselves. Nearly two - thirds ( 66 % ) say they expect their children will be better off than themselves.
More than half ( 48 % ) of 18- to 34 - year - olds are living in their parents ’ home. This is 5 percentage points higher than the share of adults who were living with their parents in 1960 ( 20 % ).
There also are sizable generational differences in opinions about key institutions, including the financial industry ( 70 % ), technology companies ( 73 % ), banks and the financial industry ( 62 % ), and the national news media ( 55 % ).
Knowledge of QAnon grew on both sides of the political aisle, though Democrats ’ awareness continues to outpace that of Republicans. As of September, more than half ( 55 % ) of Democrats and those who lean Democratic say they have heard at least a little about the conspiracy theories, compared with 39 % of Republicans.
5 % say the mix of coverage has been mostly about politics and controversies, while 3 % say it has been mostly about politics and controversies.
Among veterans, 64 % say the government has n’t given them enough help, while 30 % say it ’s given them more help.
One - in - ten Hispanic and black newlyweds ( 15 % ) are married to someone of a different race or ethnicity, as are 3 % of white and Asian newlyweds. about one - in - ten Asian and Pacific Islander couples ( 11 % ) are married to someone of a different race or ethnicity.
Democrats have also become more likely to say they have given a lot of thought to the presidential candidates. About half of Democratic voters ( 51 % ) say they have given a lot of thought to the candidates, while just 24 % of Republican voters say the same.
Nearly three - quarters of Hindu adults in the U.S. ( 74 % ) have completed at least 10 years of formal schooling, compared with a median of 15.7 years among Christian adults.
American Life Project has found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90 %. Cell phones are now being used by 91 % of adults, according to the survey conducted between April 17 and May 19.
More than twice as many Republicans view Netanyahu favorably ( 36 % ) as unfavorably ( 47 % ) ; 26 % have no opinion. By contrast, Democrats hold mixed views of Netanyahu ( 39 % favorable vs. 19 % unfavorable ) ; 41 % have no opinion. Independents ’ opinions of Netanyahu mirror those of the overall public ( 41 % favorable, 31 % unfavorable, 31 % no opinion ).
Puerto Rico ’s population has declined by more than 400,000 since its 2004 population peak, from 3.8 million in 2004 to 3.4 million in 2016.
Nearly half of Americans ( 49 % ) say the government should be responsible for financial institutions more than other institutions, while 42 % say the government has not gone far enough in controlling financial institutions.
Overall, 48 % say that a way for Israel and an independent Palestinian state to coexist peacefully, while 43 % disagree.
Roughly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say it does n’t matter if men are men or women as co - workers.
More than four - in - ten adults with a postgraduate degree ( 43 % ) or a college graduate ( 43 % ) say they or someone they know has had fertility treatment to try to have a baby.
The U.S. unauthorized immigrant total is at an historic high, according to newly released data from the Census Bureau. Between 2007 and 2017, the number of Mexican unauthorized immigrants declined by 625,000, while the number from other countries grew, according to the Center ’s estimates.
There is little public support for a complete reversal of Roe v. Wade. In a survey from December 2016 – the last time the Center asked about it – around three - in - ten U.S. adults ( 28 % ) said they would like to see the Supreme Court completely overturn Roe v. Wade, but around seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) said they would not
For instance, 18 % say they have changed the way they use email “ a great deal ” or “ somewhat ” ; 17 % have changed the way they use search engines ; 15 % say they have changed the way they use social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook ; and 15 % have changed the way they use their cell phones.
Currently, 54 % of Republicans say news stories about the government are often inaccurate, up from 43 % in October and 40 % in August.
Among Hispanics who are third or higher generation, nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they think of themselves as “ typical American. ” Just 33 % of Hispanics who are second generation or higher identify as “ typical American. ”
About half of U.S. adults ( 53 % ) say the federal budget deficit is a “ very big problem in the country today, ” down from 53 % in October 2018.
The proposed border wall is deeply divisive along partisan lines. By nearly two - to - one ( 63 % to 32 % ), white evangelical Protestants say they favor expanding the wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. By contrast, just 13 % of white mainline Protestants favor expanding the wall, while 65 % are opposed.
In 2015, more than 1.2 million asylum applications were filed in the EU, Norway and Switzerland, a figure that has now risen to more than 1.1 million applications.
The Druze is among the most important religious group in Israel. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Israeli Jews say being Jewish or Muslim is very important to them.
People ’s reactions to a gay child have tended to be more negative than positive. Almost nine - in - ten adults ( 89 % ) say they felt upset by what a gay child told them.
Undocumented immigrants who meet certain requirements are more likely to be eligible to apply for legal status than they are to be able to stay in the country legally. Seven - in - ten ( 70 % ) say they should be allowed to apply for legal status, while 44 % say they should only be allowed to stay legally. These views are little changed over the past two years.
As was the case then, about twice as many Republicans ( 43 % ) as Democrats ( 22 % ) say Russia is “ not much of a problem, but an adversary. ” However somewhat fewer Democrats view Russia as an adversary than did so in January 2013 ( 40 % vs. 18 % ), though the share describing it as either a serious problem or an adversary is little changed
In the Center ’s most recent survey on the question – conducted in June 2017 – 62 % of Americans said they favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, about twice the share who opposed it ( 37 % ). As recently as 2010, a larger share of Americans had opposed than favored allowing gay and lesbian people to marry legally ( 48 % vs. 42 % ).
Overall, 27 % of the public paid very close attention to news about the U.S. economy and 13 % said this was the story they followed most closely.
Overall, 76 % of U.S. adults say voting was “ very easy ” regardless of how and when they cast their ballots. About three - quarters of Americans ( 76 % ) say it was “ somewhat easy ” to vote, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
Among Republican - leaning independents, the share saying they are Republican has declined 17 points ( from 58 % to 32 % ), while the share saying they are Democrats has held steady. Among Democratic - leaning independents, the share saying they are Republican has declined 15 points since September 2016, from 44 % to 33 %. The share saying they are Democratic has also declined, from 20 % to 20 %.
Obama ’s 46 % job approval in July is higher than George W. Bush ’s ( 50 % ).
only one - in - four Germans say the countries of the EU are the world ’s leading economic power
Nearly nine - in - ten online quiz - takers ( 87 % ) say they have visited a library or bookmobile in the past year, compared with 68 % of online quiz - takers.
A large majority of Muslims in the United States ( 79 % ) say that believing in God is essential to what it means to them. Belief in the Quran and the faith in God are also essential to Muslims ’ lives.
A 52 % majority of the public thinks a health care reform bill will pass over the next year ; 35 % say that they do not expect a bill to pass.
The share of black officers in local police departments has risen from 15 % in 1980 to 12 % in 2013. By comparison, the share of nonwhite officers has risen from 12 % in 1980 to 19 % in 2013.
A 56%-majority has a favorable opinion of Pea Nieto, compared with 49 % who see him unfavorably. Josefina Vazquez Mota and Andrés Manuel López Obrador are less popular, with only about a third expressing a favorable view of either candidate ( 31 % and 38 %, respectively ). More than half express unfavorable views of López Obrador ( 56 % ) and Vazquez Mota ( 48
About four - in - ten Americans say it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany, while roughly a quarter ( 24 % ) say it is more important to have a close relationship with China
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say the problem growing the world ’s population will be either very big or small, while 38 % say there will be some way to stretch the natural resources of the world.
Currently, 55 % saying their family ’s income is falling behind the cost of living, while 37 % feel they ’re staying about even and just 9 % feel like they ’re getting ahead.
People in Sweden, the UK, Germany, France and Spain are more likely than those in any other country to say that immigrants should be encouraged to work in their country.
Nearly three - quarters of the British ( 73 % ) say some EU powers should be returned to their national government.
Just 27 % of Republicans say the government is doing very or fairly well in reducing the terror threat, down from 85 % two years ago. Nearly six - in - ten Democrats ( 63 % ) also say the government is doing poorly.
In a January 2019 Pew Research Center survey, 62 % of Americans said that stricter environmental laws and regulations were worth the cost
In the 2014 presidential election, 66 % of Hispanic women and 41 % of men reported voting Democratic. In contrast, only 41 % of Hispanic men and 32 % of women reported voting Republican.
In 2012, one - in - five women ( 20 % ) with a bachelor ’s degree were married to a woman who was also a college student. This trend translates into a more stable marriage for women and men. In 1970, one - in - five couples ( 27 % ) were married to a woman who was college educated. Today, 30 % of women in this age group are married, compared with 20 % of men.
Most Americans say the U.S. military effort against Islamic militants in Iraq and Syria is going very ( 58 % ) or fairly ( 35 % ) well. Just three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say the campaign is going very or fairly well.
STEM graduates outnumber all other foreign students graduating from U.S. colleges and universities, and the number of foreign students graduating in the same time period grew, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Department of Education data.
By a 56%-35 % margin, a majority of Americans continues to oppose allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally. These figures are largely unchanged over the past several years
. Overall, a median of 76 % across five Latin American countries support the lifting of the embargo, while only 13 % oppose such an action. Support for the U.S. removing the embargo, as with re - establishing diplomatic ties, is strongest in Argentina ( 79 % ), Chile ( 77 % ) and Venezuela ( 76 % ). Majorities of Brazilians ( 71 % ) and
A majority of Democrats ( 55 % ) are bothered a lot by the complexity of the tax system, while just 21 % of Republicans say the same. A smaller majority of Republicans ( 53 % ) are bothered a lot by the feeling that some wealthy people pay their fair share of taxes, while just 21 % of Democrats are bothered a lot by the complexity of the system.
Biden and Trump supporters say they fundamentally disagree with each other not just on political priorities, but on core American values. eight - in - ten registered voters who supported Biden ( 80 % ) – and a similar share of those who supported Trump ( 77 % ) – said they fundamentally disagree with the other side on “ core American values and goals. ” Only around one - in - five in each group said their differences are limited to politics and policies.
Some 61 % of Americans say it is acceptable for people to use cosmetic procedures to improve physical appearance, while just 36 % say it is “ taking technology too far ” and 21 % say it is “ about right. ” However, majorities of both Republicans and Democrats ( 63 % each ) and Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 61 % ) say cosmetic enhancements are sometimes necessary.
Currently, 39 % of the public approves of the way Trump is handling his job as president, while 63 % disapprove. Trump ’s job ratings have been stable over the course of 2018.
Americans and Germans have similar concerns about climate change. Roughly seven - in - ten Americans ( 71 % ) consider ISIS a major threat, and 58 % of Germans say the same about North Korea ’s power and influence. Only 19 % in Germany say China ’s power and influence is a major threat.
The Center ’s 2015 study found that about six - in - ten adults ( 69 % ) had a multiracial background, according to their parents and grandparents.
Only 25 % of Turks say they should look more toward the Middle East, while 17 % say Turkey should focus more on Europe.
News about Libya accounted for 41 % of news coverage last week, compared with just 15 % devoted to the Japan crisis,.
Overall, 50 % of consistent conservatives say most of their close friends share their political views, compared with 29 % of consistent liberals and 25 % of those with mixed ideological views.
About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week. That ’s twice the percentage that say they followed news about the economy most closely ( 13 % ). Another 11 % say they followed news about the presidential campaign most closely.
About three - quarters of Muslim Americans ( 74 % ) say President Donald Trump is unfriendly toward them, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 72 % ) say it is appropriate to use medical technology to treat a serious disease or condition the baby would have at birth. And six - in - ten ( 60 % ) say it is appropriate to use gene editing to reduce the risk of disease later in life ; just 19 % say it is appropriate to make the baby more intelligent.
just over half ( 53 % ) of the public said abortion should be made illegal, compared with 39 % who said it should be legal.
For the first time in Pew Research Center surveys, the Mexican public is divided over the best way to go about the country ’s direction. Fully 76 % say the military is having a good influence on the way things are going in Mexico, while just 30 % say the police are having a bad influence.
Black Democrats are more likely than white Democrats to say Trump ’s policies have made the economy worse. About six - in - ten black Democrats ( 57 % ) say Trump ’s policies have made the economy worse, compared with about half ( 48 % ) of white Democrats.
far more independents say they want most members of Congress reelected this fall ( 55 % ) than say they want to see them reelected ( 36 % ).
About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they know more about Obama than the other presidential candidates, compared with 28 % who say they need to learn more about him.
The U.S. civilian workforce includes 7.6 million unauthorized immigrants, representing a decline since 2007. Between 2007 and 2017, the number of unauthorized immigrant workers fell by 625,000, as did their share of the total U.S. workforce over the same period. In 2017, this group accounted for 4.6 % of those in the U.S. who were working or were unemployed and looking for work.
A majority of Americans say frustration ( 55 % ) best describes their feeling toward the federal government, while about two - in - ten say they are angry ( 22 % ) ; a similar share ( 19 % ) say they are basically content
Currently, 23 % of Democrats have liberal views across nearly all items on a 10 - item political values scale, while another 33 % have mostly liberal views. Among Republicans, comparable shares have either consistently conservative ( 20 % ) or mostly conservative ( 33 % ) attitudes
Nearly three - quarters of black adults ( 73 % ) say they are very concerned that people will get COVID-19 and other infectious diseases when they are at home. About half of Hispanic ( 49 % ) and white adults ( 28 % ) say the same. And while 43 % of Hispanic adults say they are very concerned about spreading the virus, this concern is shared among blacks.
Currently, 49 % of Democrats have a favorable opinion of Merkel, while 47 % view her unfavorably. Among Republicans, just 22 % view Merkel favorably, while 47 % view her unfavorably.
Nearly three - quarters of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 74 % ) think the U.S. should take nuclear weapons seriously, compared with 47 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
In the 2014 Senate race, Hispanics voted for Democrats over Republicans by a margin of more than two - to - one in a four - to - one ( 62 % to 29 % ). But the difference was not statistically significant. Two - thirds of Latinos ( 67 % ) said they voted for Democrats in their local Senate, while 57 % voted for Republicans.
In the U.S., seven - in - ten say that relations with Germany are good, a sentiment that has not changed much in the past year. Germans, on the other hand, are much more negative : 73 % say that relations with the U.S. are bad, a 17 - percentage - point increase since 2017.
Some 58 % of smart speaker owners say they would like to do a better job of taking into account their own interests and preferences. But 42 % of smart speaker owners say they would not like to see their speaker take this into account.
This is the first year in which American households have an average of more people, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. The average U.S. household size was 56 people in 2018, up from 52 in 1990.
Overall, a sizable majority of Democrats and independents who lean to the Democratic Party ( 89 % ) say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change, and another 41 % say human actions have little or no role in climate change. Two - thirds of Democrats with high science knowledge ( 74 % ) say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change, compared with a smaller share of Democrats with low science knowledge
More than half ( 5 million ) refugees from Syria, Afghanistan and Somalia have resettled in the same country since 2009.
Roughly one - quarter of rural residents ( 24 % ) say access to high - speed internet is a major problem in their area, compared with 9 % of those who live in the suburbs and even fewer ( 7 % ).
Among all persons, the unemployment rate was 61.6 % in the fourth quarter of 2008, down from 63.4 % in the fourth quarter of 2007. Among all persons, the unemployment rate was 63.4 %.
Whites are generally more likely than blacks to have a positive view of race relations. In a 2017 Pew Research Center survey, 44 % of whites said race relations were generally good for Obama ’s first term, compared with 28 % of blacks and 29 % of Hispanics.
The actual outcome of the midterm election is closer to the actual outcome of the poll. Just 39 % of Americans say they know who won the election with a day or two of voting, according to Gallup and Pew Research Center ’s weekly News Interest Index. That is little changed from the 42 % who said they knew the winner of the election with a day or two of voting.
The 10 % of users who are most active in terms of tweeting are responsible for 80 % of all tweets created by U.S. adults.
Across the region, a median of 59 % see ISIS as a major threat.
21 % say they followed news about the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week. Another 21 % say they followed health care developments more closely than any other story.
Republicans are twice as likely as Democrats to say they are in favor of the death penalty and are divided on the death penalty ( 46 % vs. 44 % ).
Most U.S. adults on Twitter report that most of the people they follow on Twitter share their political views ( a median of 40 % ), while a quarter ( 25 % ) say most of the people they follow on Twitter share a mix of political views ( 37 % ) or say that they do n’t know the political views of the people they follow ( 34 % ).
Among all internet users, women were more likely to say their online communities were welcoming to men than men. Similarly, women were more likely to say their online communities were welcoming to men than men. More than eight - in - ten internet users ( 79 % ) said their online communities were more welcoming toward men than women, and about half ( 51 % ) said the same about online dating.
As Republicans and Democrats prepared for their party conventions in June, our national survey painted a bleak picture of voters ’ impressions of the presidential campaign and the choices they faced in November. Overall satisfaction with the candidates was at its lowest point in two decades and roughly four - in - ten voters told us it was difficult to choose between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton because neither would make a good president – as high as at any point since 2000
About two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they followed news about the bankruptcy filing more closely than any other major story.
nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 66 % ) say they would rather have a leader who will compromise, even if it means having to compromise with the other party.
Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they will gain influence with Trump taking office.
Among Christians, 85 % say they feel a strong sense of gratitude at least once a week, similar to the percentage who say this among Protestants ( 85 % ), evangelical Protestants ( 87 % ) and mainline Protestants ( 85 % ).
The public is split over whether the government should do more to prevent terrorist attacks like the one in Boston : 49 % say that the government should do more to prevent attacks like the one in Boston, while 45 % say the government should do not have much of an effect.
The public has become split over whether it is more important to control gun ownership or to protect the rights of Americans to own guns. The share saying it is more important to control gun ownership has fallen from 58 % in 1993 to 46 % today.
The share of Republicans who hold negative views of the effect of colleges and universities on the country has grown significantly since 2015. Nearly six - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 58 % ) now say colleges have a negative effect. Two years ago, by contrast, 54 % of Republicans said colleges were having a positive effect.
More than three - quarters of registered voters ( 74 % ) say that Trump is too personally critical of his opponents, the highest share expressing that view since 2000.
Among Indians, rising prices, corrupt officials and corrupt officials are seen as the biggest problems facing the country. Lack of employment opportunities ( 76 % ) is also seen as a very big problem.
In 2015, blacks made up 12 % of the total population, but Hispanics made up a third ( 33 % ) of the population. Asians made up 6 % of the population, but Hispanics made up a slight majority ( 48 % ) of the population.
The share of countries with high levels of social hostilities – those perpetrated by individuals or groups – also dropped in 2016, from 27 % to 27 %.
About a quarter of U.S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered, while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised. Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now.
Overall, 54 % of Americans say they are “ very ” or “ somewhat ” concerned about the government monitoring of their own data and electronic communications, compared with 39 % who are “ not at all ” concerned.
Nearly three - quarters of Colbert Reporters ( 76 % ) say they get news from the Dalli Show, while 41 % say they get news from CNN. Some 44 % say they get news from NPR, while 41 % say they get news from SNBC and 35 % say they get news from MSNBC.
More than four - in - ten Americans ( 43 % ) say they heard a lot about the recall of Fisher Price toys. Fewer ( 43 % ) say they heard a little about this story.
A quarter of Americans ( 25 % ) say they followed news about the condition of the U.S. economy more closely than any other story last week. About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely, while 13 % say they followed health care news more closely than any other story.
About half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independent voters ( 49 % ) have an excellent or good impression of the presidential candidates as of September 2015, up from 50 % in September 2007. By contrast, fewer Republican voters ( 41 % ) have a good impression of the candidates running for their party ’s nomination.
Trump voters are divided : Nearly two - thirds of Trump supporters ( 66 % ) say life for people like them has gotten worse in the past half - century, while just 14 % say it has gotten better ; 19 % say it has gotten worse and 14 % say it has gotten better. Most Clinton supporters take the opposite view : 59 % say life for people like them has gotten better over the past half - century, while 14 % think it has gotten worse and 19 % say it has gotten
One - in - seven U.S. infants ( 14 % ) were multiracial or multiethnic in 2015, nearly triple the share in 1980.
About eight - in - ten adults ( 81 % ) say the federal budget deficit is a major problem that the country must address. Seven - in - ten ( 70 % ) think progress will be made in reducing the deficit in the next five years.
The Hispanic share of the nation ’s public school students has grown from 16 % in 1986 to 44 % in 2015 - 16. By comparison, the share of teachers who are Hispanic has fallen from 26 % in 2006 to 41 % in 2015 - 16.
In a week that saw passage of health care legislation by the Senate Finance Committee, news about health care reform remained front - and - center on the public ’s news agenda, topping both public interest and news coverage. The latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted October 16 - 19 among 1,004 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press, finds that public interest in the war in Afghanistan continues to be fairly modest. Only about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) cite the war as their
When asked to name the world ’s top economic power, the share of Indians naming the U.S. outstrips the share naming China by a staggering 38 percentage points ( 56 % vs. 27 % ).
The share of babies born to non - Hispanic white mothers accounted for 49 % of all U.S. babies in 2012, compared with 49 % of babies born to non - Hispanic white mothers and 46 % of births to white mothers.
About four - in - ten American workers ( 41 % ) say they use social media at least occasionally to connect with friends and family at work, while around a quarter ( 24 % ) say they use them to make or support professional connections at work Topping these workers ’ goals, 17 % say they use social media at least occasionally to build or strengthen personal relationships with colleagues.
nearly a quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) say the economy is the most important problem facing the country. In addition, about a quarter ( 27 % ) say the economy is the most important problem facing the country.
Only about a third of the public ( 32 % ) says they think Cuba will become more democratic over the next several years, while 43 % say it will remain about the same.
About four - in - ten blacks ( 37 % ) say the police shooting of an African American teenager in Ferguson, Missouri has increased the importance of the issue to them. Whites are divided : 47 % say this story is important, while 47 % say it is not important.
the public is also more likely to say they are “ not at all confident ” in Trump ’s decision making on tax policy ( 42 % ) than to say this about either party ’s leaders in Congress ( 31 % say this about GOP leaders, 24 % about Democratic leaders ).
Currently, 46 % say the government is doing very well or fairly well.
Today, roughly three - quarters of Americans ( 74 % ) say that relations between Democrats and Republicans in Washington will get worse, while just 21 % say they will stay about the same. More than half ( 54 % ) of Republicans say relations will get worse, while just 8 % say they will get better.
Roughly nine - in - ten Democrats say news media criticism keeps political leaders from doing things that should n’t be done, compared with 42 % of Republicans ­who say this
A majority of Americans ( 58 % ) say astronauts are essential to include in the future of the U.S. space program, while 41 % say astronauts are not essential.
Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern nations surveyed. Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively.
Overall, roughly half of U.S. adults say there are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use an anonymous source in the news
Among the foreign policy experts polled by Pew Research Center, nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say they lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs. A median of 76 % among the European and North American publics agree. ” A median of roughly seven - in - ten across the publics describe Trump as dangerous"."
Majority says significant changes are needed in structure of government A 62 % majority of Democrats say the fundamental design and structure of American government serves the country well, while 37 % of Republicans say the structure serves the country well. Majority of Republicans ( 61 % ) continue to say significant changes are needed, while only about half of Democrats ( 49 % ) say significant changes are needed.
In late October, just prior to the election, only 11 % of Republicans and Republican leaners said they were satisfied with how things were going, while 52 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners said they were satisfied. Today, these views are nearly the reverse : 49 % of Republicans now say they are satisfied, while just 16 % of Democrats agree.
Islamic extremism continues to be a serious concern in Lebanon. Fully 92 % of Lebanese Muslims are concerned about Islamic extremism in their country.
About three - quarters of print - only newspaper readers ( 71 % ) say they often watch local TV news, compared with only 50 % of those who often do so.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are far more likely than their Democratic counterparts to approve of the job Republican leaders are doing, while only about half of the public ( 49 % ) approves of the job Democratic leaders in Congress are doing. About half of Republicans in Congress ( 49 % ) say they approve of the job Democratic leaders in Congress are doing.
Some 95 % of people in households earning $ 75,000 or more a year own an internet - ready device, compared with 70 % of households earning $ 75,000 or more. The only device with a higher internet penetration rating is the desktop computer ( 93 % ), while the laptop is nearly as popular ( 79 % ).
In the current survey, 40 % of Republicans say the members of Congress are keeping the promises they made during last fall ’s campaign, while 59 % of Democrats say they are not
While the existing accord enjoys the support of roughly three - quarters of the Canadian public and six - in - ten Mexicans, it is viewed less favorably in the United States according to a new Pew Research Center survey of all three countries. About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the U.S.
Teens with significant other relationships – whether from a romantic partner, a partner or not – are much more likely than teenage daters to have positive communication with their partner. Roughly eight - in - ten teen daters ( 88 % ) say they expect their partner to hear from them on a daily basis, compared with 38 % of teens who do this frequently.
India is the top origin country of all emigrants in the world. Between 2015 and 2015, the UK accounted for 15.6 million people to the rest of the world.
While smartphones are still relatively common in most countries, they are much more likely to own a mobile device. A median of 53 % across these countries say they own a smartphone, compared with a median of 53 % across six emerging economies.
A new national survey finds that strengthening the economy continues to rank among the public ’s leading priorities ( 71 % top priority ), along with defending against terrorism ( 73 % ) and improving the educational system ( 72 % ).
The U.S. is now home to a record seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) people ages 85 and older, but its population has fallen to a new low. The youngest adults in the U.S. are 53.4 % of those ages 35 to 49 and 43.5 % of those ages 50 to 64.
Those who consistently stayed with their parties expressed strong views of Trump, both positive and negative. In April 2017, 84 % of those who consistently identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party approved of Trump ’s job performance – with 66 % approving strongly.
Today, roughly nine - in - ten white Democrats ( 91 % ) say Hispanics face at least some discrimination, compared with a smaller share of white Republicans ( 59 % ).
Across the eight EU nations surveyed, a median of 73 % say immigrants make their country stronger because of their work and talents. Meanwhile, fewer than half in Sweden ( 32 % ), Germany ( 59 % ) and France ( 56 % ) say immigrants are a burden because they take jobs, housing and health care.
About six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say that developing a new technology system should be a more important priority compared with 35 % who say the same about reducing the budget deficit.
One - in - five U.S. students ( 15 % ) said they had vaped the last 30 days, the highest share of any age group. Among students ages 18 to 17, about one - in - five ( 8 % ) said they had vaped in the last 30 days, while 16 % said they had flavored their own juices In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 16 % of students said they had vaped in the last 30 days, compared with 8 % of those ages 10 to
Younger Republicans are more likely than older Republicans to see college and university impact as good for the country : 82 % of Republicans under 30 say this, compared with just 35 % of those 50 - 64.
The survey finds that while the president ’s job approval rating among independents has slipped over the past few months, the number of independent voters who approve of his job performance has not changed much in recent months. In August, 63 % approved of Bush ’s job performance ; that figure has now dropped to 27 %.
In the new survey, 79 % of Venezuelans say they have a favorable view of Cuba, compared with only 42 % of those who express an unfavorable view. Ideological differences also surface in Venezuela. In the 2015 poll, 79 % of Venezuelans said they have a favorable view of Cuba, compared with 52 % who said they are a moderate and just 25 % who said they have a favorable view.
A median of 51 % say they closely followed news about the U.S. economy, while 40 % say they follow international news more closely than any other region.
a majority ( 54 % ) said it was more important to have a democratic government. Just 32 % said it was more important to have stability.
Americans ’ views of the UN have been consistently more positive than they have been since 2004. In the summer of 2020, about six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) said they had a favorable view of the UN, compared with just 29 % who had an unfavorable view.
The vast majority of Americans ( 87 % ) say the quality of candidates running for president has been excellent or good, while only about half ( 53 % ) say the same about the general election. In comparison, 59 % of people say the candidates ’ personal experiences have been very or somewhat good, while 59 % say they have been somewhat or very good.
Just 70 % of the British say they approve of the EU ’s response to the refugee crisis.
The percentage of 18- to 29 - year - olds who approve of the U.S. military campaign in Iraq and Syria has dropped from 52 % in February to 43 % in the current survey
A new national survey of Hispanic adults finds that strengthening the educational system ( 73 % ) and defending the country from future terrorist attacks ( 69 % ) top priorities for the president and Congress in 2017. A tier below these top issues, about half ( 54 % ) say dealing with the immigration issue should be a top priority for the president and Congress in 2017.
The share of primary schools with officers on site has risen 18 percentage points from 21 % to 36 % over the same period, while the share of secondary schools with officers on site has remained relatively stable at 12 %.
In the new survey, 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, again little changed from 2015.
Republicans and Republican leaners are divided : 48 % say American allies should increase defense spending, while nearly as many ( 48 % ) say they should keep spending the same, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
A Pew Research Center analysis of data from the United States Census Bureau finds that while the president still has the support of a majority of Americans, significantly fewer of his supporters ( 55 % ) approve of the way Bush is handling his job as president than do his predecessors. ( The survey does not specify type of candidate. )
a median of 41 % name the U.S. as the world ’s leading economic power, while 34 % name China – an 18 percentage point difference.
For decades, the public has sympathized with Israel over the Palestinians and that remains the case today. Overall, 50 % say they sympathize more with Israel, compared with just 30 % who say they sympathize more with the Palestinians. There continue to be stark partisan differences in Middle East sympathies.
Public confidence in scientists is relatively strong compared with trust in other institutional groups. Only the military earns more confidence from the public.
Majorities also say that mumps and rubella are not safe for healthy children. More than eight - in - ten ( 83 % ) say that mumps and rubella are not safe, while 40 % say they are not safe.
The Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 16,370 ), Syria ( 12,587 ) and Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 12,347 ) were the top origin countries of refugees in 2016. Together, refugees from these three nations represented nearly half ( 49 % ) of all refugees admitted to the U.S. over the past year.
The share of Americans with a positive view of the federal government fell to 28 % in April.
Nearly eight - in - ten women ( 69 % ) see stricter environmental laws as worth the cost, compared with 58 % of men
A narrow majority ( 76 % ) of the Japanese public said they favored allowing female candidates to take the imperial throne.
Of the five digital news outlets analyzed, the typical one had three or more full - time editorial staffers ( 73 % ), had a general or local focus ( 53 % ) and were nonprofit organizations ( 51 % ).
More than nine - in - ten AAAS scientists ( 98 % ) say they talk with citizens about science research findings at least occasionally, and about half ( 47 % ) say they ever talk with reporters about science findings.
Far more Republicans ( 24 % ) than Democrats ( 7 % ) say they are angry with the government.
The FBI, CIA, and Department of Justice remain popular with the public. About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they have a favorable view of the FBI and roughly six - in - ten view the CIA ( 62 % ) and the Justice Department ( 61 % ) favorably.
People in Vietnam, Peru and Mexico are the most supportive of TPP. Roughly eight - in - ten or more in each country say it would be a good thing for their country. In Mexico, 61 % say TPP would be a bad thing, while only 23 % think it would be a good thing.
Currently, 48 % of the public approves of the way Bush is handling his job as president, while 43 % disapprove. There has been a six - point decline in the percentage disapproving of Bush ’s job performance ( from 48 % to 43 % ).
Teen employment has been declining for the past two decades. The teen employment rate was only about half of what it was in October 2010, when it took a sudden upswing, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. Teen employment jumped to 52 % in September 2010.
The vast majority of the public ( 91 % ) says that the federal government should require all Americans to obtain health insurance by the age of 18. By comparison, nearly seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say the law does not require people to obtain health insurance by mail.
In a separate Pew Research Center survey conducted in October, 56 % of Americans said it was unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of American leaders.
A sizable majority of Americans ( 76 % ) say the news media have not taken the risks from the coronavirus outbreak seriously enough. A roughly equal share ( 62 % ) says the news media have exaggerated the risks, while 37 % say the media have n’t taken the risks at all.
Some 88 % of Americans say that the benefits of the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine outweigh the risks ( 56 % ).
Immigrants account for about a quarter ( 24 % ) of the nation ’s nearly 8 million workers. Together, these workers make up a nearly equal share of all U.S. workers. The top - rated jobs by immigrants, for example, are farming ( 26 % ), cleaning and maintenance ( 17 % ), and construction ( 12 % ).
A majority of Americans ( 55 % ) say that protecting the environment should be a top priority, down from 38 % a year ago.
In 2014, children with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent accounted for 17.6 % of students enrolled in kindergarten through 12th grade in the U.S.
From 2015 to 2024, the number of jobs in the math occupations would more than double, from 28.6 % to 28.6 %, according to U.S. Census Bureau data.
Some 14 % of U.S. adults say they changed their views on a political or social issue in the past year because of something they saw on social media. This is somewhat higher than the share of men who say they changed their views by a similar margin ( 19 % ).
Millennials are significantly more likely than older generations to say they favor same - sex marriage ( 83 % vs. 65 % ).
There has been a recent sharp decline in the number of Americans who visit a library or bookmobile in the past year. In December 2015, 53 % of Americans said they had visited a library or bookmobile in the past year, down from 48 % in December 2012. At the same time, the share of adults who visited a public library website in the past year ( 31 % ) also declined, from 30 % in December 2012 to 25 % in the current survey.
In assessing the public ’s political wisdom, 43 % say they have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in the public ’s political wisdom ; far fewer ( 32 % ) say they have not too much or no confidence at all in the public ’s political wisdom.
Views of German Chancellor Angela Merkel are more positive than negative across all three dimensions. Only 13 % of the public has a favorable opinion of Putin, while 19 % view him unfavorably. In both parties, about equal shares view Netanyahu ( 32 % ) and Merkel ( 48 % ) favorably.
More than three - in - ten say they heard a lot about the defunct satellite that crashed into the earth ’s crust, while 40 % say they heard a little. About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they heard a lot about this, while 40 % say they heard nothing at all.
The new survey, conducted Oct. 1 - 13, finds that 58 % of Republicans say that Trump has definitely or probably not done things that are likely grounds for impeachment. Just 40 % say he has probably not done things that are likely to lead to an increase in impeachment, while 78 % say he definitely or probably has not done things that are likely to lead to an increase in impeachment.
Russian confidence in Obama has remained low in recent years. Only 21 % of Russians now have confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs. That is Russian confidence in Obama and Russian confidence in both Obama ( 21 % ) and Trump ( 18 % ).
A majority of Americans ( 57 % ) say that using military force to fight off extremists creates hatred that leads to more terrorism.
In Germany and America, ratings for the U.S. government have declined sharply over the past two years. Today, only 35 % of Germans and 51 % of Americans say the U.S. government respects the personal freedoms of its people.
Around four - in - ten Americans ( 41 % ) say South Korea has done a poor job of handling the global pandemic, while a similar share ( 42 % ) say Germany has done a good job
About two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about Afghanistan very closely, while 9 % say news about the 2012 elections was their top story.
Overall, 91 % of Americans say that the right to vote is essential to their sense of freedom. Only 7 % say it is important but not essential, and just 1 % says it is not important. A comparable share ( 92 % ) considers freedom of speech to be essential to their own sense of freedom. Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of religion ( 85 % ) are essential to them. Views are more mixed when it comes to the right to own guns : 48 % say
Americans tend to believe crime is rising nationally, but less so locally. Nearly half of U.S. adults ( 47 % ) say there is more crime in their area in 2012 compared with just 10 % who say there was more crime in the area a year ago.
In 2004, 63 % of Democrats and 48 % of Republicans had a favorable view of the UN. But in 2008, support dropped to 53 % among Republicans.
More than one - in - four Americans ( 22 % ) say they have been vaccinated for measles, four times as many as in the early 1980s.
About a quarter of the public ( 27 % ) says they followed the discussions about how to address the federal deficit and national debt more closely than any other story. About two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say they followed news about the conditi0n of the nation ’s struggling economy most closely, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey conducted July 21 - 24 by the Pew Research Center.
Fully 93 % view the issue of health care reform as important. Substantial majorities also say it affects them personally ( 73 % ) and is interesting ( 72 % ). Yet health care reform also is an issue that most Americans find difficult to understand : 67 % say it is hard to understand, while just 31 % say it is easy to understand.
About a third say they followed news about winter storms in the eastern United States ( 34 % ) very closely. More than one - in - ten ( 13 % ) say they followed news about the Super Bowl very closely. The Super Bowl was the other most closely followed story, accounting for 15 % of coverage.
Fully 92 % of Americans rate their personal economic situation as excellent or good, and 66 % say they are only fair or poor.
Americans ’ views of the U.S. have returned to their pre - Iraq war level. More than half of Canadians ( 55 % ) now view the U.S. favorably.
Americans followed news about the nation ’s economy more closely than any other news last week amid new signs the pace of the recovery has slowed. A quarter of the public ( 26 % ) says their top story was reports about the condition of the U.S. economy, while 19 % say they followed news about the 2012 presidential election most closely, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted August 4 - 7 by the Pew Research Center. economic news easily topped coverage as well. News about the economy in the U.S. economy in recent weeks
Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews in Mexico, but at 5 % Donald Trump registers the lowest confidence rating of any U.S. leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there. The proposed wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high - profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president, and more than nine - in - ten Mexicans oppose it
Higher shares approved of the way that both Obama ( 70 % ) and Bush ( 50 % ) explained their policies and plans for the future than say that about Trump today.
Just 23 % of Americans say that a wall along the entire U.S.-Mexico border will lead to a major reduction in illegal immigration ; a similar share ( 43 % ) thinks a border wall would not have much of an impact.
Just more than four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story.
A majority of the public ( 58 % ) says the campaign has been too focused on important policy debates, while just 10 % say it has been focused on important policy debates. Two - thirds of Democrats ( 63 % ) say the campaign has been too focused on important policy debates, while just 8 % say it has been about right. Independents are more likely than Republicans to say the campaign has been too focused on important policy debates ( 32 % vs. 29 % ).
Brazilians ’ views of their country have continued to wane. Only 13 % of Brazilians have a favorable opinion of their country.
Most Americans say the rich are more likely than the average person to be hardworking ( 43 % vs. 50 % ), responsible for the poor, but far more say they are more likely than the average person to be greedy ( 24 % vs. 24 % ).
When Americans are asked what has brought the biggest improvement to their lives in the past five decades, they name technology more than any other advancement.
Just 28 % of Americans say that the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, down from 58 % in 2011.
About a quarter ( 26 % ) of the public says they followed news about the aftermath of the disasters in Japan more closely than any other major story, according to the latest News Interest Index survey, conducted April 14 - 17. More general news about the nation ’s economy accounted for 14 % of the newshole, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted April 14 - 17 by the Pew Research Center.
Currently, 80 % of the public says all of Trump ’s actions were taken within the limits of the law, while another 30 % say they were “ definitely ” and 13 % say they were “ probably ”.
The vast majority of the UN peacekeepers in Africa have come from just one region – Africa. Indeed, in 2016, nearly half ( 46 % ) of the organization ’s peacekeeping forces were from Africa, while Africa ’s share was only 6 %.
Overall, Republicans held an 8.8 % lead in leaned partisan identification among all adults ; this advantage is seen across all generations of adults – except Millennials. However, while older generations of Millennials are substantially more Democratic than those in the Baby Boomer or Silent generations, the partisan balance among the youngest generations is closer to the average balance among the oldest generations.
Relatively few have a home in Lebanon ( 19 % ), Jordan ( 8 % ), and Turkey ( 2 % ).
About half of conservative Republicans ( 54 % ) say scientists ’ personal interests and political leanings influence their research findings a lot, and a similar share ( 54 % ) say these findings are influenced a lot by scientists ’ desire to advance their careers.
In 2010, for example, 83 % of white women ages 15 to 44 married, compared with 56 % of black women and 68 % of Hispanic women. And among Asian women, the probability of long - lasting marriages among white women is nearly twice as high ( 39 % vs. 20 % ).
Roughly eight - in - ten Egyptians ( 79 % ) say it is very or somewhat important that Egyptians be able to hold elections in their country.
Among the countries expected to win the most medals, China stands out : A remarkable 75 % majority say they think China will win the most medals, while only 15 % name the U.S. And roughly a quarter ( 27 % ) say Russia will win the most medals.
The U.S. unauthorized immigrant population – 11.1 million in 2012 – has stabilized over the past 10 years. The recent relative stability in the estimated size of the U.S. unauthorized immigrant population is a contrast to previous periods. The number of unauthorized immigrants declined in 2007 and 2008, peaking at 12.2 million in 2007.
The share of Americans who read an e - book in the past year has grown from 13 % in 2011 to 15 % today.
There is considerable public concern about extremism in the Western countries surveyed. In Nigeria, roughly six - in - ten people ( a median of 67 % ) were asked about this issue in a 2011 poll. In Pakistan, however, less than half were concerned about Islamic extremism in their country in 2013.
Nearly two - thirds of Republicans ( 64 % ) now rate economic conditions as excellent or good.
conservative Republicans are more likely than liberal Democrats to say that they see only a side of the news they get online represents more than one side ( 63 % vs. 29 % ).
Interracial marriages vary considerably by race. Some 58 % of white newlyweds married someone of a different race, while 28 % of black newlyweds and 19 % of Asian newlyweds married outside of their race.
A majority ( 63 % ) of registered voters say the treatment of racial and ethnic minorities is very important to their vote.
There is no consensus on whether society has been too accepting of transgender people or not accepting enough. About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender, while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right.
In the current survey, 50 % say that the U.S. should remain as only military superpower, while 35 % say it would be OK if the U.S. became so powerful.
One - in - five adults whose annual household income falls below $ 30,000 are “ smartphone dependent ” users, compared with only 4 % of those living in households earning $ 100,000 or more.
a small share of teens ( 39 % ) say that allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools would be very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings
In the first three quarters of fiscal 2016, an estimated 676,000 people applied for naturalization, applications substantially higher than the prior year, an increase of 8,000 applications.
In the April 7 - 12 survey, 79 % of Democratic voters said they strongly or somewhat approve of the way Biden is handling his job as president. Among those who strongly approve of the nominee ’s job performance – those who say they strongly approve of his job performance – 85 % of Democratic voters said they would not approve of the way Biden is handling his job
The public generally expresses more worry than enthusiasm about emerging automation technologies – especially when it comes to jobs. U.S. adults are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) as enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans.
In the U.S., concerns about cyberattacks have grown more serious, while worries about economic threats from China have decreased.
Americans and Germans agree that the U.S. should use military force to maintain order in the world. More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 75 % ) agree with this notion, while only about a quarter in Britain ( 27 % ) agree.
Indians ’ confidence in Obama has more than doubled compared with their lack of confidence in the American president. Today, 80 % of Indians have confidence in Obama to do the right thing in world affairs.
Just 11 % of registered voters who support Trump say they are very confident that their vote will be accurately counted in the upcoming election, including 30 % who are very confident.
Americans are twice as likely as their fellow Western European counterparts to say the use of military force is sometimes necessary to maintain order in the world. Two - thirds of Americans believe that the U.S. should use military force to maintain order in the world, while just over half ( 50 % ) disagree.
While the media divided its attention between news about the 2010 congressional elections and news about the economy, the public continued to focus most closely on news about the nation ’s struggling economy. A quarter of the public ( 26 % ) says that news about the economy was their top story of the week, while 11 % say they followed news about the elections most closely.
45 % say they followed news about the economy very closely, while 33 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
Social media use is most widespread in Lebanon, Jordan and Venezuela, where about three - quarters or more use at least one of these services.
Majorities of Americans agreed that people should be able to receive radical life extension treatments by the time, with 19 % saying they should be able to get treatments for their diseases and 33 % saying it is acceptable for the wealthy to have access to such treatments. On the other hand, a majority of Americans ( 58 % ) said that allowing longer - lasting health benefits would be unnatural, while 37 % said it would be natural for the average person to have treatments.
infectious disease is a leading global concern among Americans. 71 % say it is a major threat to the well - being of the U.S., while just 19 % say it is not a threat.
About eight - in - ten Russians ( 79 % ) say Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election have benefitted the campaign, compared with just 27 % who say they have not had much impact.
Since 2015, there have been declines in the shares in both parties who say they are bothered a lot by the feeling that some corporations do not pay their fair share of taxes. Today, about half ( 49 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners say this, down from 55 % a year ago. And Democrats and Democratic leaners are now as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say they are bothered a lot by the feeling that some corporations do not pay their fair share of taxes.
Among those who have heard of the outbreak, three - quarters of Americans ( 73 % ) think it is acceptable for personal information to be made available to infectious disease researchers, while about seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) find this unacceptable.
The survey finds that the rising number of eurosceptic parties – especially those from Spain, the UK, Spain and the UK – is a good thing for the country. In fact, across all 10 EU countries surveyed, majorities see the rise of these parties as good for the country.
Survey research shows that in recent years support for the free - market system has been on the rise in Italy, France, Germany and Spain – but it is not being felt equally by all the publics surveyed. Overall, across the eight European nations polled, a median of 60 % say they favor free markets, up from 56 % in the UK and 72 % in Spain.
about three - quarters of Republicans and Republican leaners say that average Republicans in the U.S. generally agree with Trump on most issues ( 76 % ).
Some 74 % of Americans indicate that they would find it difficult to create a professional resume if they needed to do so.
Republicans are far more likely than Democrats to say the government is doing very or fairly well in reducing the threat, which is a difference of 51 percentage points between Republicans and Independents.
Currently, 67 % of Romney supporters strongly support Obama or lean toward him, while 34 % support or lean toward Romney.
Those who are certain of their belief in God are also more likely to reject the idea that life does not serve any purpose ( 61 % vs. 38 % ).
About half of liberal Democrats ( 49 % ) say climate change policies generally make no difference to the environment, while 30 % say they do tend to make no difference to the environment.
A 62 % majority of all U.S. adults say it is not acceptable for professional athletes to speak out about political issues, while 34 % say it is not acceptable and 17 % say it is not acceptable. A 62 % majority of all adults under age 18 say it is not acceptable for athletes to speak out on political issues, while just 17 % say it is not acceptable.
71 % of Democratic voters who describe themselves as “ angry ” at government say they are more enthusiastic about voting this year.
Currently, 56 % of the public says that assisted suicide is morally wrong, while 41 % say it is morally wrong.
Among Trump voters who had been very cold or neutral in April 2016, 65 % rated him warmly, including 43 % who rated him very warmly.
In an open - ended format, the presidential election has been dominated by women – a gender gap that has persisted throughout the Obama administration. In fact, it is not surprising that the percentage of women who are running for president has fallen from 54 % in 1972 to 54 % today.
As many Republicans view the shutdown as a very serious problem for the country ( 31 % ) as say it is a somewhat serious problem ( 35 % ). Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to say the shutdown is a very serious problem ( 79 % vs. 35 % ).
Women make up nearly half ( 53.0 % ) of the U.S. labor force. Women accounted for 46.9 % of the U.S. labor force in 2017. Although women comprised a much larger share of the labor force in 2017 than in 1950 ( 29.6 % ), the share of men in the workforce has remained steady over the past several decades.
By a 56%-35 % margin, more Republicans say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. if certain requirements are met. By contrast, Democrats are more divided : 56 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to say they should be allowed to say they should, while 37 % say they should be required to provide legal status.
Currently, 43 % say they followed news about the hike in gas prices very closely, while 30 % say it was the story they followed most closely.
The vast majority of U.S. adults on Twitter follow Barack Obama, with roughly a quarter ( 26 % ) saying they follow him on Twitter. Donald Trump is viewed favorably by 19 % of Twitter users, while 19 % follow him unfavorably.
Looking ahead, the public has mixed views of how the national economy will perform over the next year. About as many say conditions will be worse in a year ( 36 % ) as say they will be better ( 20 % ) ; 44 % think they will be about the same as they are now.
The Baby Boomers are losing their spot as the largest American generation to the Millennials.
There were 10.5 million unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. in 2017. The 2017 unauthorized immigrant total is a drop from the peak of 12.2 million in 1990.
58 % say Trump should listen more to Republicans who have experience working in government, while 34 % say he should listen less.
There is broad support among Muslim Americans for gender equality in their workplace. Specifically, eight - in - ten or more Pakistanis ( 85 % ), Egyptians ( 54 % ), Jordanians ( 50 % ) and Indonesians ( 59 % ) support segregating women in their workplace. By contrast, only about one - third of Pakistanis ( 34 % ) and Lebanese Muslims ( 13 % ) favor gender equality.
The proportion of the nation ’s impoverished population that is now living in the South has declined since the mid-1970s, and has now edged into the 40s.
as many Americans say Zika is a major threat to the health of the population as say it is a minor threat ( 27 % vs. 34 % ).
57 % of parents with children younger than 18 say they would favor allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools, while 46 % of those who are not parents say the same
About nine - in - ten officers ( 91 % ) who frequently or often feel angry and frustrated on the job say the media treat people unfairly, compared with about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) who strongly agree that the media treat people unfairly.
For all of the 11 entities we asked about – from government agencies to credit card companies to social media sites – only small minorities say they are “ very confident ” the records maintained by these organizations will remain private and secure. Online service providers are among the least trusted entities when it comes to keeping information private and secure. When asked about search engine providers, online video sites, social media sites and online advertisers, the majority felt “ not too confident ” or “ not at all confident ” that these entities could protect their data.
Twitter news users see regularly see news posts about a range of different topics, but the focus is on sports. A majority of Twitter news users ( 55 % ) say they regularly see sports news on the site, compared with 55 % of Facebook news users. In fact, the two service ’s news users see news posts about the same topics as they do on Facebook.
Roughly eight - in - ten ( 79 % ) said math is essential for youth to get ahead in today ’s world.
By a 48%-39 % margin, more Americans continue to say they think a health care reform bill will pass over the next year than say they do not think that will happen.
Black voters are more likely than white voters to say it is very or somewhat important to get messages from the campaigns ( 65 % vs. 29 % ). And while large shares of black voters say it is very ( 65 % ) or somewhat ( 25 % ) important to them personally to get messages from the campaigns, Hispanic voters are more likely than white voters to say this ( 67 % vs. 23 % ).
The Norway massacre attracted little attention or coverage last week ; 4 % say this was their top story, while 12 % say they followed news about the economy most closely. Meanwhile, 18 % say they very closely followed news about the stock market ; 3 % say this was their top story.
59 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say their party is not doing a good job on illegal immigration. This includes about four - in - ten ( 43 % ) Republicans and Republican leaners who say the same. On the other hand, a majority of Republicans ( 55 % ) say their party is not doing a good job on illegal immigration, compared with 70 % of Republicans and Republican leaners.
Among mothers, mothers are more likely than fathers to say their children did as well as their parents ( 56 % vs. 28 % ).
36 % say there are plenty of jobs available in their community, while 24 % say that jobs are difficult to find.
About four - in - ten adults ( 42 % ) say they have heard “ nothing at all ” about the caucus. Another 39 % say they have heard “ a little ” about it, while only about one - in - five Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 19 % ) say they have heard “ a lot ” about the group. About half ( 52 % ) of moderate and liberal Republicans have heard nothing at all about the caucus, 36 % of conservative Republicans.
Overwhelming majorities in China say they like the free markets, with seven - in - ten saying they like capitalism. And nearly three - quarters in the Chinese ( 72 % ) agree that most people are better off with capitalism.
Roughly one - in - five ( 21 % ) name reports about the condition of the economy as the story they followed more closely than any other last week, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted May 18 - 24 by the Pew Research Center. Economic news easily topped coverage as well. Fully 21 % of the public listed news about swine flu and its vaccine as the story they followed more closely than any other last week.
By 2035, a record number of babies born to Muslims will outnumber Christian births among all Christian women. This includes 230 million babies born to Muslims, 23 million born to Christians, and 210 million born to Jews.
About one - in - five adults ages 65 and older ( 17 % ) are “ unpartnered ” – that is, they do not have a spouse or partner present.
Those who trust the EU and the UN are generally more likely to have a favorable view of these organizations. For example, across 14 advanced economies surveyed, a median of just 53 % have a favorable opinion of the EU, compared with a median of 56 % among those who say the same about the UN.
Currently, 60 % of those with household incomes under $ 30,000 say jobs are difficult to find in their area, as do 60 % of those with incomes of less than $ 30,000.
About four - in - ten Muslims in the U.S. ( 43 % ) say they attend mosque on a weekly basis, including 26 % who say they attend on a weekly basis. About one - in - five Muslims in the U.S. ( 17 % ) say they attend salah on a weekly basis, while 10 % say they attend on a “ not too ” level or never. And while about four - in - ten Muslims in the U.S. say they attend mosque on a
Across 32 emerging and developing nations surveyed, a median of just 12 % say the internet has had a good influence on education, while vast majorities say it has had a bad influence ( 64 % ).
Among Republicans, Germany is tied for the seventh spot, alongside Russia, with just 5 % of Republicans citing it as a top partner
In its last reading in late 2000 the Project found that broadband adoption at home was at 42 %.
Blacks in Denver are more likely than whites to often discuss local crime.
In Russia, half of adults ( 51 % ) consider crime a very big problem in their country, down from 75 % four years ago.
In the U.S., people are most likely to name the UK ( 36 % ) as the most important foreign policy partner for the U.S. Only about one - in - ten ( 13 % ) name Germany, ranking it fifth on Americans ’ list
In the new survey, 82 % of the newspaper stories mentioned a potential 2016 presidential candidate, compared with 68 % who mentioned Ted Cruz.
After the March 11 tsunami, the Japanese public took a decisive step to respond to the tsunami. About nine - in - ten ( 95 % ) say they have a favorable view of the self - defense force. This is more than twice the percentage expressing a favorable opinion of the media ( 54 % ) or the national government ( 20 % ).
Mothers are more likely than fathers to engage with their Facebook networks. Some 37 % of mothers who use Facebook say they read, share, view or comment on the site, compared with 18 % of fathers.
A majority of the public ( 55 % ) says things are going very or moderately well in Afghanistan, where as many say things are going very ( 43 % ), fairly well ( 48 % ), and fairly well ( 46 % ).
In couples where partners are equally well off, women ’s earnings are higher than their husbands. In 2017, 69 % of women in these couples said they earned more than their husbands, compared with just 13 % of men.
In the current survey, 50 % say they have heard the most about Obama in the news, while 37 % say McCain.
Only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) would favor mandatory voting, while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) says citizens should be able to decide for themselves whether or not to vote in national elections.
The share of all U.S. primary and secondary students studying English in the U.S. is growing. In 2017, 91 % of all U.S. primary and secondary students studied English in school, up from 59 % in 2015. About nine - in - ten Russian students ( 91 % ) also studied English in school.
Overall, 67 % say the campaign is dull and just 26 % say it is not informative. Half say the campaign is too long and 43 % say it is not too long.
Some 67 % of social media users say these platforms are very important for getting involved with political or social issues. Similarly, 38 % say these platforms are somewhat important for getting involved with important issues.
Roughly half of Republicans ( 48 % ) and Democrats ( 46 % ) say that talking about politics with people they disagree with is generally “ stressful and frustrating, ” rather than “ interesting and informative. ”
In France, Japan and the United States, roughly half or more of the total workforce from each of the five TPP countries surveyed say that trade with other countries leads to job creation. In the U.S., by comparison, just 20 % of the total workforce is from the U.S. And Japan, at 14 %, is the only country where more than three - in - ten people ( 35 % ) say that trade with other countries leads to job creation.
The white employment rate stood at 5.8 % in 2013, compared with 5.3 % in 2008.
Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, far more ( 66 % ) say they have an excellent ( 33 % ) than a good ( 45 % ) impression of the candidates running for their party ’s nomination.
Two - thirds of Venezuelans ( 57 % ) say their country ’s president is having a bad influence on the way things are going in Venezuela.
Sizable majorities expect that jobs such as fast food workers and insurance claims processors will be mostly performed by machines during that timeframe, while around half expect that the same will be true of jobs such as software engineers and legal clerks.
About seven - in - ten U.S. adults ( 73 % ) say science has had a positive effect on society
The partisan divide in views of the UN is stark. Currently, 72 % of Democrats have a favorable opinion of the UN, compared with only 53 % of Republicans.
Until recently, Facebook had dominated the social media landscape among America ’s youth – but it is no longer the most popular online platform among teens, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. Today, roughly half ( 51 % ) of U.S. teens ages 13 to 17 say they use Facebook, notably lower than the shares who use YouTube, Instagram or Snapchat.
Indian Americans are more likely than Asians to work in science and engineering fields ( 28 % vs. 14 % ).
We found that a majority of Americans ( 59 % ) say that science is often in conflict with religion, with only 38 % saying the two areas are mostly compatible.
Most people in the Middle East ( 59 % ) say the gap between the rich and the poor has increased in the past five years. This attitude is particularly prevalent among those who live in advanced economies
in Turkey, Senegal and Mali roughly seven - in - ten respondents completely agreed that religion should be kept separate from government policy. In the U.S., significantly fewer ( 55 % ) expressed that view
a majority ( 65 % ) of parents say it is generally unacceptable for a child to have their own smartphone only after they are 12 years old. About four - in - ten parents ( 41 % ) do n’t think this is acceptable.
Only 21 % of Hispanics approve of the Arizona law, while 75 % disapprove. Even so, a record seven - in - ten Hispanics ( 71 % ) disapprove of the law.
The share of the global middle class population who live in the Asia - Pacific region – or roughly one - third of the world ’s population – grew from 31 % in 2001 to 51 % in 2011.
Currently, 56 % of Americans are very ( 43 % ) or somewhat ( 51 % ) confident that Republicans in the Senate will be fair and reasonable during the impeachment trial, while just 31 % are somewhat confident.
The vast majority of poll workers in the 2018 general election are over 60 %. Some 4 % of poll workers are ages 18 to 25. About six - in - ten poll workers in the 2018 general election were ages 26 to 39.
Among Republicans, Republicans are about as likely as Democrats to name Germany as their country ’s most or second - most important foreign policy partner, but Republicans are slightly more likely than Democrats to name China ( 25 % vs. 20 % ).
Currently, 39 % say they followed news about the leak very closely last week, not much different from the 42 % that said this one week earlier. Still, that is down sharply from 59 % in the July 22 - 25 survey.
Global publics oppose some of Trump ’s major policies. We tested five of Trump ’s major national security and foreign policy proposals – withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, placing tighter restrictions on people entering the U.S. from certain majority - Muslim nations, pulling out of international climate change agreements, withdrawing from trade deals and building a wall on the Mexican border – and with a few exceptions, they meet with broad disapproval around the world. Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews
69 % say it is more important to reduce the deficit.
A majority of Americans ( 56 % ) say that the economy is in excellent or good shape, while 37 % say it is in poor shape ; just 10 % say the economy is in excellent or good shape.
Americans who have completed graduate degrees are more likely than those with no more than a high school education to say they have a great deal ( 89 % vs. 55 % ) or a fair amount of confidence in medical scientists
The situation on the ground in Iraq was the most closely followed news story of the week Roughly a third of the public ( 32 % ) followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 24 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The media devoted 7 % of its overall coverage to the situation in Iraq
Roughly half of adults ( 49 % ) said gene editing would be less acceptable to them if the effects “ changed the genetic makeup of the whole population, ” versus just 17 % who said it would be more acceptable. When asked about an alternate scenario in which the effects of gene editing are limited to a single person, more Americans said it would be more acceptable than less acceptable ( 34 % to 23 % ).
A majority of the public ( 56 % ) says that the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, while just 29 % say it is “ one of the greatest countries, along with some others ”. Conservative Republicans are more likely than moderate and liberal Republicans to say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries.
When Francis began his papacy in March of 2018, 57 % of Americans held a favorable view of him, while 14 % held an unfavorable view and 29 % held a negative view. Now, six - in - ten Americans express a favorable view of Francis, while 19 % express an unfavorable opinion and just 11 % say they do not know enough to be able to rate the pontiff.
The region is projected to witness the largest number of births in Africa, with about half ( 50 % ) of babies born in Africa.
When it comes to international perceptions of Russia, a majority of Russians agree that their country has gained global prominence. In a 2017 Pew Research Center survey, 87 % of Russians said they have confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs. Just 17 % said they lack confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs.
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 73 % express a favorable opinion of Congress, compared with 28 % who view it unfavorably. Current ratings are down slightly from April ( 68 % favorable vs. 25 % unfavorable ).
The Tea Party continues to have slim majorities of Republicans and Republican leaners who agree with the Tea Party. Just 22 % of Republicans are willing to compromise, while 53 % say they will not.
In the new survey, 71 % of Democrats say strengthening the military is a top priority for the president and Congress. Since Barack Obama ’s administration, there has been a seven percentage point increase in the share of Republicans who say this.
By about two - to - one, whites continue to be more likely to say they approve ( 63 % ) than disapprove ( 46 % ) of the law. By contrast, blacks are more likely to say they approve ( 83 % ) than disapprove ( 15 % ) of the law.
A majority of U.S. adults ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today, with Republicans being more likely than Democrats to express that view. The Americans who see a negative effect from social media point to factors including misinformation and the hate and harassment they see on these platforms.
The number of refugees entering the U.S. has fallen sharply so far in fiscal 2018, falling from 273,842 in fiscal 2017 to 200,800 in the first quarter of fiscal 2018, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data.
About half of Trump supporters ( 49 % ) say that U.S. involvement in the global economy is a bad thing for the country, while 44 % say it is a good thing.
About one - in - five ( 19 % ) say that knowing a friend had voted for class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-6'>Trump would put a strain on their friendship
Seniors 65 and older, however, think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin.
Among Republicans, 43 % consider China a serious problem ( but not an adversary ) ; about a third ( 34 % ) of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents see China as a serious problem ( but not an adversary ). About half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 50 % ) see China as a serious problem, compared with just 22 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
Most Americans regret the use of military force. Majorities believe the war is not going well, and most say that the United States should bring its troops home as soon as possible. In contrast, when the war began in March 2003 and for quite some time thereafter, the U.S.-led invasion had strong backing from most Americans, and was seen as succeeding quite well.
Half of Americans say that made - up news and information is a very big problem for the country, and nearly as many ( 50 % ) say the same about the gap between the rich and the poor.
Some 30 % of the public says parents should be able to decide not to have their children vaccinated, while 30 % say all parents should be able to decide not to have their children vaccinated.
The survey finds that Obama ’s approval rating of the health care law, as well as his ability to handle the economy, is slackening. Four - in - ten ( 41 % ) Obama supporters say they are confident that the law will pass this year, while 32 % say the same about the economy.
In February 2001, Bush earned a lofty 89 % approval from members of his own party, but that has declined to 82 % in the current survey. Among conservative Republicans, the share approving of Bush very strongly has fallen from 65 % in February 2001 to 41 % today ; and Bush ’s support among conservative Republicans has remained relatively steady over the past year.
Fully 36 % of the public followed news about the campaign very closely, and the same percentage say it is the single story they followed most closely.
Currently, 45 % say America ’s role on the world stage is less important than it was 10 years ago, while 37 % believe it is more important and 25 % say less.
A larger share of Americans now favors gun control than gun control. In December 2012, about two - thirds of Americans ( 66 % ) said it was more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns than to control gun ownership.
Currently, 41 % say they are very or somewhat concerned about Trump ’s ability to serve the country ’s best interests, up from 34 % in December.
Nearly six - in - ten Clinton voters ( 58 % ) say that giving Trump a chance to see how he governs himself, while 39 % say they do not want to give him a chance to see how he governs.
About 339,000 babies were born to unauthorized - immigrant parents in 2016, compared with about 330,000 in 1980, according to newly released data from the National Bureau of Economic Research.
About one - in - four Americans ( 38 % ) suffered burns or cuts while in the same number were injured by a chemical reaction.
A new analysis by the Pew Research Center finds that while the president still has the support of a majority of white evangelical Protestants, significantly fewer of them now approve of his performance in office ( 55 % approve, 38 % disapprove ) than was true at the start of his second term when 72 % approved and only 22 % disapproved
In 2015, an estimated 83 million Americans employed in jobs requiring higher levels of preparation were employed, up from 61 million in 1980.
Today, half of Americans say the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power, whereas roughly one - third ( 32 % ) name China – an 18 percentage point difference.
America ’s current image in Germany is generally poor, but that has not always been the case. As recently as 2016, roughly a quarter of Germans ( 24 % ) had confidence in then - President Barack Obama and about a quarter ( 27 % ) had a favorable view of the United States.
Americans see cellphone use as OK in key public spaces, but not in more private or intimate gatherings. For instance, about three - quarters of adults think it is generally acceptable for people to use their cellphones while walking down the street ( 77 % ), on public transit ( 75 % ) or waiting in line ( 74 % ). But only 38 % think it is generally OK to use cellphones at restaurants, and very few say cellphone use is OK at a family dinner ( 12 % ), during a meeting (
fewer Americans say the tone of political debates among political leaders is “ very respectful. ” Just 37 % of Americans say that the tone of debate among political leaders is “ somewhat respectful, ” while nearly six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say it is “ not at all respectful. ”
In a January survey, 58 % said it was too early to tell whether Trump will be successful ; 21 % said it was too early to tell. The share saying it was too early to tell was 19 %.
For the first time in Pew Research Center surveys, 55 % of voters say it is more important for a candidate to have new ideas, while 43 % say it is more important for a candidate to have old ideas and a different approach.