Overall, married adults are more positive about how things are going in their relationship than are married adults. Fully 95 % of adults who are married say things are going very or fairly well, compared with just 41 % of those who are living with a partner or are in a committed relationship.
About half of adults ( 44 % ) say the protests, marches and demonstrations will help the public ’s support for science, while 22 % say the protests will hurt the cause.
Among people in South Africa, a median of 69 % say lack of employment opportunities is a very big reason why many people do not have jobs. South Africans are especially likely to say lack of employment opportunities is a very big reason why many do not have jobs. Among people in South Africa, 63 % say lack of employment opportunities is a very big reason why many do not have jobs.
A majority of Americans ( 56 % ) say news outlets are a major source of COVID-19 news. 46 % say news outlets are a major source of COVID-19 news.
In addition to having a positive impact on the way things are going in their country, a median of 69 % across six sub - Saharan African countries see the growing use of the internet as a good influence on their country.
63 % of internet users say they prefer getting news from sites that convey a political point of view, compared with 74 % who prefer to get news from sites that do n’t have a particular point of view.
Roughly a quarter of the public ( 22 % ) paid very close attention to economic news last week and 16 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the economic crisis
When asked whether the educational attainment of the next generation was worth the cost, 92 % of those in the Silent Generation say the same. By contrast, only 26 % of those in the Silent Generation say the cost of college education is worth the cost.
Majorities of Americans ( 84 % ) and Mexicans ( 76 % ) oppose building a wall along the U.S.-Mexico border. Fewer ( 45 % ) approve of this proposal, compared with a quarter ( 25 % ) who disapprove.
The public is divided over the possible use of U.S. ground forces in Iraq and Syria ; 39 % approve of the U.S. military effort, while 53 % disapprove.
In Canada, the United Nations is viewed unfavorably by a median of 20 % across the nations polled.
Most social media users in sub - Saharan Africa use these sites to share opinions about music and movies, but not religion or politics. More than half of social media users in this country use these sites for entertainment, but not politics. And a sizable share of online sub - Saharan Africans use these sites to share opinions about music and movies.
Currently, 58 % say they have a favorable view of business corporations, while 43 % have an unfavorable view.
Some 25 % of the respondents were Hispanic before the 2014 census, and the same percentage were overweight ( 15 % ). Among the respondents ages 18 to 26, the share of Hispanic adults who were not Hispanic during the survey was 7 %, while the share of Hispanic adults who were not Hispanic during the survey was 5 %. By comparison, the share of Hispanic adults who were Hispanic during the survey was 7 %.
71 % of foreign - born Hispanics say it is not necessary for a person to speak Spanish to be considered Hispanic. But a growing share of U.S. Hispanics says it is not necessary for a person to speak Spanish to be considered Hispanic. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) Hispanics say this is not necessary, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
Those who think that the candidates will have a better chance of succeeding in the second debate are more likely to be optimistic about the outcome of the second round. About half ( 51 % ) of those who think that the candidates will have a better chance of succeeding in the second round also think that the candidates will have a better chance of succeeding in the second round, compared with just 29 % of those who think that the candidates will have a better chance of succeeding.
Most Americans say the Islamic religion encourages violence more than other religions. Two - thirds ( 67 % ) say Islam is no more likely than other religions to encourage violence among its believers. Just 15 % say the Islamic religion is more likely to encourage violence than other religions.
In 2010, the largest increase in the share of households headed by a young adult was 35 %.
Overall, about four - in - ten Facebook users ( 42 % ) say they use the site several times a day, compared with 26 % who say they use the site less than every few weeks and 19 % who use the site less than every few weeks.
When it comes to specific research questions, most teachers answer these questions honestly. A majority of these teachers ( 57 % ) give students a grade of A or B grade for their ability to concentrate on a topic that is difficult to find, while 30 % give students a grade of A or B grade for this.
Those who have heard of QAnon are more likely than those who have heard of it to say it is a conspiracy ( 41 % vs. 16 % ). Among those who have heard of the conspiracy theories, 41 % say QAnon is a “ conspiracy ” or “ a group. ” While 16 % of those who have heard of it say it is a conspiracy, 8 % say it is a conspiracy, while 8 % say it is a conspiracy.
Fully 62 % say the press has done an excellent or good job in covering the candidates ’ positions on issues, while 33 % say the press has done only a fair or poor job.
There has been no significant increase in the percentage of Russians who disapprove of the Soviet Union. In December 2011, half of Russians ( 50 % ) said they had a great deal or fair amount of confidence in the Soviet Union, while only 14 % said they had any confidence at all. Similarly, about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Russians now say they disapprove of the Soviet Union.
When Pew Research surveyed 14 countries in the spring of 2010, one - third of Americans said they owned a desktop computer, a figure that had risen to about 70 % in September 2010. As of September 2010, the typical desktop computer was 8 %.
In Germany, 83 % agree that men get more opportunities than women for jobs that pay well. Men are also more likely than women to say women get fewer opportunities ( 80 % vs. 80 % ).
Core Conservatives are more likely than other GOP - leaning independents to say it matters which party wins Congress. Overall, Core Conservatives are more likely than other GOP - leaning independents to say it matters which party wins Congress.
In 2012, 70 % of 18- to 24 - year - old women were living at home, compared with 70 % of men.
About a third ( 33 % ) say they followed news about plans to burn Korans very closely ; 17 % say this was the story they followed most closely. Nearly two - in - ten ( 17 % ) say they very closely followed news about plans to burn Korans ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
congressional leaders ’ job ratings have declined sharply. Today, just 49 % of the public approves of the job being done by Democratic leaders, while 49 % approve of Republican leaders.
About half of Americans ( 55 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy, but that number has dropped from 59 % in August to 55 % today.
Chinese President Xi Jinping and Russian President Vladimir Putin get poor marks, though neither is rated as negatively as the U.S. president. a median of 28 % voice confidence in Xi, while 27 % feel this way about Putin.
Public support for a private retirement account has declined sharply in recent years. In 2007, roughly half of Americans ( 46 % ) said they favored a private retirement account, down from 70 % in 2000.
In France, the Netherlands and Poland, a median of 68 % think the use of contraceptives is morally wrong, while 54 % say it is morally acceptable.
Only 38 % of Turks say the media are having a good influence on the way things are going in Turkey.
A 2016 Pew Research Center survey found that 44 % of Chinese adults in China preferred both creative and academic schooling.
In 2012, just 3 % of the U.S. business owners were women. Women accounted for 6 % of the total U.S. business owners in 2012.
Fully 45 % of Americans paid very close attention to events in Iraq and 35 % said this was the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 7 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq
The percentage of absolutely certain registered voters dropped to 77 % in the 2008 election, down from 78 % in 2008.
Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings in the U.S. if it were harder for people to legally obtain guns ; only about a quarter of Republicans ( 27 % ) say the same. And Republicans are skeptical that making it harder to legally obtain guns would have an effect on mass shootings : 54 % say it would not make a difference, while 18 % think restricting access to guns would lead to more mass shootings.
Among all adults, 46 % of those ages 18 to 29 watch online news videos, compared with 26 % of those 50 and older.
The gap between the Muslim men and the Muslim women in the world has narrowed in recent generations. The gap has been narrowing in recent generations, with the exception of a few years of primary schooling. For example, among Muslim men, the gap has narrowed by a narrowing of the Muslim gap. The Muslim gap has been narrowing in recent generations, with the exception of a few years of primary schooling.
Today, about six - in - ten ( 61 % ) of Hispanics say they approve of the law, up from 47 % two years ago. But support has declined for the past two years. More than half ( 47 % ) of Hispanics now say they approve of the law.
In a 2007 Pew Research Center survey, 74 % of Pakistanis said education is equally important for boys and girls.
More than seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) express concern about the rise of Islamic extremism in the U.S., compared with just 51 % of Democrats.
Fully 75 % of older Americans believe that the best way to achieve peace is through utilizing military force. Only about a quarter ( 25 % ) of those ages 65 and older agree.
A median of 64 % across the 32 emerging and developing nations surveyed say the internet has had a good influence on their country.
A median of just 17 % around the world express confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs.
Democrats and Democratic leaners are 20 percentage points more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to view the issue of sexual assault and harassment as very important.
Democrats hold an edge among Latino registered voters : 63 % say they would vote for the Democratic candidate in their local congressional district, while 29 % would vote for the Republican candidate,
Roughly seven - in - ten adults ( 76 % ) say the ideal situation for mothers is to work full time, compared with only about half ( 51 % ) of those who say this for fathers.
Eight - in - ten Japanese ( 73 % ) support increased economic aid to developing countries. Only 27 % back reduced aid to developing countries.
In 2015, almost all ( 89 % ) of the European asylum applicants were waiting for decisions, with the largest share ( 79 % ) saying they were waiting for an asylum decision. In addition, around a quarter ( 27 % ) of the Italian asylum applicants were waiting for decisions, while about a third ( 32 % ) were unsure.
The survey finds that 52 % favor the legal use of marijuana, while 42 % are opposed.
Six out of ten internet users ages 50 - 64 are social networking site users, as are 43 % of those ages 65 and older.
White Democrats are more likely than black Democratic voters to describe their political views as liberal ( 43 % vs. 25 % ).
Among religious groups, white evangelical Protestants ( 20 % ) are more likely than white mainline Protestants ( 12 % ) to say they are very active or somewhat involved in their congregation. And while only 12 % of white mainline Protestants say they are very involved, this compares with 62 % of white mainline Protestants and just 20 % of black Protestants.
Millennials make up a larger share of U.S. Hispanic eligible voters than any other group. While Millennials make up a smaller share of U.S. Hispanic eligible voters, they account for roughly a third ( 34 % ) of all eligible voters.
Most Americans say the Democratic Party cares about the middle class ( 57 % ). Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say the GOP has high ethical standards, while 44 % say it has low standards.
One - in - five adults ( 17 % ) who own only one device say they own all three. The 18 % of those who own multiple devices say all of the devices they own are not personal computers.
More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) say they followed news about the floods in Greece very closely ; 3 % say this was the story they followed most closely. The floods made up 4 % of coverage this week.
Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are roughly twice as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say they are misunderstood by the news media ( 74 % vs. 14 % ).
A survey by Pew Research Center finds that about half of U.S. Catholics ( 56 % ) say that “ many children being raised by a cohabiting couple is acceptable, ” while nearly as many ( 41 % ) say it is not acceptable. Meanwhile, about half of Catholics who report that they attend Mass without a religious affiliation say that they are acceptable.
Democratic voters now have a higher chance of supporting Clinton than they did in 2007. Nearly six - in - ten Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, while about as many ( 47 % ) say there is some chance.
Polls this year have found that more Americans favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally than did so just last year. 42 % favor same - sex marriage while 48 % are opposed. In polls conducted in 2009, 37 % favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally and 54 % were opposed. For the first time in 15 years of Pew Research Center polling, fewer than half oppose same - sex marriage.
About two - thirds of the public ( 64 % ) give officers a warm rating on the scale ( between 51 and 100 ), including 45 % who rate them very warmly ( 76 - 100 ). Fewer give a neutral rating of 50 ( 16 % ), and just 18 % give a cold rating on the scale ( 0 - 49 ).
Some 69 % of all internet users say they try to relax and take their minds off of the internet, off from 80 % who said they used the internet for this reason.
Half ( 50 % ) say they are satisfied with the country ’s direction, while 33 % say they are dissatisfied.
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Latino registered voters say the Republican Party is more concerned about Latinos, compared with 40 % who say the Democratic Party.
In the current survey, 41 % approve of the way Trump is handling his job as president, while 41 % disapprove. Views of Obama have been consistently more negative than positive since 2009.
About one - in - ten Americans ( 12 % ) say they would be angry or scared if they saw a drone near their home.
Some 42 % of users say they use these platforms just to have fun or to pass the time.
Nearly three - quarters of Millennials ( 73 % ) say things are going in the country today, down from 67 % in 2010.
About six - in - ten newsroom employees ( 57 % ) are men
There is no consensus on the share of people who say they know a Muslim. More than half in Sweden ( 52 % ), the Netherlands ( 52 % ), Germany ( 52 % ) and France ( 51 % ) say they know a Muslim. In the U.S., fewer say they know a Muslim.
The share of Americans who live in middle class households is shrinking. The share of U.S. adults living in middle - income households fell to 52 % in 2016, down from 52 % in 2011.
About one - in - four Americans ( 26 % ) who have been harassed online say an acquaintance was behind their most recent incident. 18 % of those who have been harassed say their most recent incident involved a friend, while 11 % say it involved a family member. Smaller shares say their most recent experience involved a former romantic partner ( 7 % ) or a co - worker ( 5 % ). Taken together, nearly half of Americans ( 46 % ) who have experienced some form of online harassment say
The generation gap in approval of Obama ’s job performance is wider than any other age group. Among Gen Xers, 53 % approve of his job performance, compared with 47 % who disapprove. Among Boomers, 44 % approve of his job performance, as do 73 % of Baby Boomers and 72 % of those in the Silent Generation.
Roughly half of Americans ( 48 % ) continue to say they would rather have a smaller government providing fewer services ; 48 % prefer a bigger government providing fewer services.
While Saudi Arabia has the largest Muslim population in the world, its share of the overall Muslim population is small ( 28 % ).
A majority of the public ( 55 % ) says that the large number of refugees leaving countries such as Iraq and Syria pose a major threat to the well - being of the U.S.
Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players ( 51 % ) saying they mostly play role - playing.
When it comes to GM crops, two - thirds of U.S. adults ( 67 % ) say scientists do not have a clear understanding of the health effects.
Overall, 49 % of Americans say the major provisions of the ACA are here to stay, while 49 % say they will be eliminated.
Half or more in the U.S., China, Nigeria and South Africa say their country plays a more important role than it did 10 years ago. Only 10 % in the U.S. say it plays a less important role today than it did 10 years ago.
The Media General enjoyed the strongest boost in 2014. Still, LIN Media ’s broadcasting revenues saw the smallest growth. Moreover, the group ’s overall broadcasting revenues rose 77 % since the last midterm elections in 2013.
People who have heard a lot about gene editing are also more likely to say it will lead to increased inequality ( 65 % ) than those who have heard a little about it ( 54 % ). Similarly, those who have heard a little about gene editing are more likely to say it will lead to increased inequality ( 59 % ) than say it will lead to increased inequality ( 34 % ).
Just 9 % of Americans say they expect 2015 to be better than 2014.
A plurality of Americans ( 44 % ) say that government aid to the poor does more harm than good.
Roughly three - quarters of Chinese ( 73 % ) expect corruption in their country to worsen over the next five years.
The vast majority of teens ( 95 % ) spend time with their friends outside of school, in person, at least occasionally. But for most teens, this is not an everyday occurrence. Just 25 % of teens spend time with friends in person ( outside of school ) on a daily basis.
British enthusiasm for leaving the EU has been declining. In 2013, 46 % of Brits said they wanted to remain a member while another 46 % said they wanted to remain a part of the EU. In the 2014, more than half ( 46 % ) of Brits said they wanted to remain a member while only 8 % said they wanted to go.
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) view NAFTA favorably in the U.S., while about a third ( 33 % ) view it unfavorably. While the existing accord enjoys the support of roughly six - in - ten ( 61 % ) of the public, it is viewed less favorably in the United States according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
A plurality of the U.S. population ( 36 % ) has used a file sharing program to share files between multiple sites, with 28 % of the population using that method.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in June found a significant drop in the proportion of the public in favor of removing U.S. troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible.
Overall, nearly one - in - ten U.S. adults ( 19 % ) say that God approved of their election choices because of their approval of their policies, while another 27 % say they did not. One - in - five ( 17 % ) say Trump did not approve of their choices because of their approval of their policies.
nearly three - quarters of Republicans ( 73 % ) feel misunderstood by the news media, including 40 % who say they understand very well. Democrats are also more likely than Republicans to say they feel misunderstood by the news media, with about four - in - ten ( 38 % ) saying they feel misunderstood.
Three - in - ten ( 30 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other news last week, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Nov. 1 - 4 by the Pew Research Center. economic news easily topped coverage as well. News about the economy in general made up 17 % of the newshole.
Eight - in - ten Japanese ( 81 % ) associate with the Chinese, while about a third ( 34 % ) of the Chinese associate with the Japanese.
But among those who often or sometimes have contact with immigrants who speak little or no English, 59 % say they are bothered by this, compared with 52 % of those who say this often
Only around one - in - five say they can trust major technology companies, a figure that has remained relatively stable in recent years.
Nearly two - thirds of Nigerians ( 64 % ) believe it is more important to have strong ties with China than the U.S. About a quarter ( 27 % ) say it is more important to have strong ties with the U.S. than with China.
About six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 61 % ) said abortion should be legal in “ most or all ” cases
Democrats hold a substantial lead among Florida ’s Hispanic electorate – 69 % – over Republicans and Republican leaners ( 67 % ).
The oil leak dominated news coverage. About a third of all coverage ( 34 % ) was devoted to the oil leak, far more than any other story.
47 % of Americans say they followed news about the presidential candidates most closely, while 21 % each say their top story was the economy. Haiti was the most heavily covered story, accounting for 17 % of the newshole
About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) of those who claim to be neither religious nor spiritual tend to reject New Age beliefs, compared with a smaller share ( 33 % ) who say they are spiritually unaffiliated.
While 63 % of all adults own a gaming console, only 42 % of Gen Xers and 32 % of Baby Boomers do — and adoption rates continue to drop for each of the older generations.
About six - in - ten social networking site users ( 63 % ) say they have taken steps to protect their identities while on social media, and about half ( 49 % ) have taken steps to mask their identities while on social media.
Around the globe, people tend to associate the American leader with all of the negative characteristics tested : Most say he is arrogant, intolerant and dangerous, while relatively few think of him as well - qualified or as someone who cares about ordinary people.
White officers and their black colleagues have starkly different views on fundamental questions regarding the situation of blacks in American society, the 2016 survey found. For example, nearly all white officers ( 92 % ) – but only 29 % of their black colleagues – said the U.S. had made the changes needed to assure equal rights for blacks.
The public ’s perceptions of economic news remain mixed and far less positive than earlier in 2010. More than half ( 55 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ; 39 % say they are hearing mostly bad news while just 4 % say they are hearing mostly good news. Those numbers have changed little since July, when perceptions of economic news took a turn for the worse.
India has the highest share of OPT employees with STEM degrees, with 84 % of workers with a STEM degree or more
Women are more likely than men ( 41 % vs. 41 % ) to say that the coronavirus is a major threat to their health. By contrast, 40 % of women and 29 % of men say this. Younger adults are also less likely than their older counterparts to say that the coronavirus is a major threat.
There continues to be a sizable partisan gap in ratings of the national economy. Currently, 46 % of Republicans, but just 24 % of independents and 15 % of Democrats, give the economy at least a good rating.
Overall, the public believes the U.S. has mostly failed in reaching its goals there. A majority ( 59 % ) says the U.S. has mostly failed in reaching its goals there, while 34 % say it has succeeded.
There were 7.3 deaths per 1,000 children born in sub - Saharan Africa in 2015, compared with 71 per 1,000 in 1990.
By a ratio of nearly four - to - one, Americans say that parents are placing too little ( 26 % ) rather than too much ( 24 % ) pressure on students.
Among veterans, 64 % say the war in Iraq was not worth fighting considering the costs versus the benefits to the United States
The Mexican public remains firmly behind the use of military units to combat drug cartels. Fully eight - in - ten say they support the use of Mexican military units to fight drug cartels.
About a quarter ( 24 % ) of the public says they very closely followed news about the death of singer Whitney Houston ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they very closely followed news about the rising price of gas and oil. Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they very closely followed news about the death of singer Whitney Houston ; 5 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
Among the public overall, three - quarters say health care costs ( 74 % ) and the price of food and consumer goods ( 73 % ) have a major impact. Two - thirds say the federal budget deficit affects their finances a lot and 21 % say the same about “ how the stock market is doing
Most congressional posts on Facebook received “ angry ” reactions from users, but reactions were far more likely to be negative ( 42 % ) than positive ( 13 % ).
Many people in Asia - Pacific countries have negative views of North Korea. Japanese are most negative on North Korea 94 % say they have an unfavorable view In Australia, the U.S. and South Korea, roughly three - quarters or more say they have unfavorable views.
In the new survey, majorities across all educational groups now say they favor same - sex marriage, but levels of support are highest among those who have graduated from college : 79 % among those with postgraduate degrees and 72 % among those with bachelor ’s degrees. Smaller majorities of those with some college experience but no college degree ( 62 % ) or those with no more than a high school degree ( 53 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry.
Around four - in - ten Latinos ( 41 % ) say someone has had their pay cut or lost a job because of the coronavirus outbreak, compared with 27 % of U.S. adults overall.
61 % of Americans say that abortion should be legal in all or most cases during a pregnancy that is not currently in the pregnancy stage, while 41 % think abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
In 1997, 74 % of Americans said that being a mother is difficult today compared with 20 years ago. But a decade later, a decade later, more Americans say that it is easier for a woman to have children without a parent than with a child.
Among registered Republican voters, Trump supporters are evenly divided : 50 % say undocumented immigrants living in the U.S. are mostly honest, while 35 % say they are mostly honest. Nearly three - quarters of Trump supporters ( 73 % ) say undocumented immigrants are not as honest as U.S. citizens.
Currently, 49 % say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, while 32 % are opposed. This marks the first time in five years that as many Americans have opposed same - sex marriage as opposed to same - sex marriage.
Two - thirds of DACA recipients are ages 25 or younger, and a majority are women. Women make up a slight majority ( 53 % ) of active DACA recipients, while 47 % are men, according to the tabulations from U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services.
Older people are more likely than older people to say they prefer early technology adoption. 81 % of those ages 18 to 29 and 59 % of those 50 and older say this, compared with 29 % of those in older age groups.
The situation in Iraq maintained the top spot, as 23 % listed it as the story they followed most closely
About a third of Hispanic adults ( 34 % ) say they have worn their Hispanic or American identification more often than they did five years ago, up from 24 % who said this in December 2019. Meanwhile, about two - thirds of Hispanic adults ( 65 % ) say they have worn their Hispanic or American identification more often than they did five years ago, up from 23 % who said this in December 2000
Roughly three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 77 % ) believe that positive reviews and ratings help make a difference, and just 17 % believe these ratings help a lot
41 % of adults say news organizations give the right amount of coverage to the protests, while 31 % say they give the right amount of coverage. Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are divided : 43 % say news organizations give the right amount of coverage to the protests, while 43 % say they give the right amount of coverage.
By 2060, the Buddhist share of the world ’s population is projected to decline. The Buddhist share is thought to be the highest in the world, declining from 1.2 % in 2015 to 0.3 % by 2060.
seven - in - ten Americans ( 71 % ) say there should be a way for people in the United States illegally to remain in this country, while 27 % say they should not be allowed to stay legally. Most who favor providing illegal immigrants with some form of legal status – 43 % of the public – say they should be allowed to apply for citizenship, but 24 % of the public says they should only be allowed to apply for legal residency.
The economic news, just 34 % say they followed news about the shootings very closely. In January, just 13 % followed news about the U.S. Army staff sergeant charged last week with killing civilians in Afghanistan ; 13 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
Indeed, nearly all Jews ( 99 % ), Hindus ( 99 % ), Muslims ( 97 % ) and Muslims ( 97 % ) who were harassed during the same period lived in these four countries. Among Jews, nearly nine - in - ten ( 97 % ) lived in a country where the harassment of their group took place, and 97 % lived in a country where their group lived.
U.S. newspaper circulation has fallen to its lowest level since at least 1940. Those numbers were down from the previous year and are now below their lowest recorded levels.
A majority of Republicans ( 68 % ) say they like political leaders who are willing to compromise. Just one - third ( 32 % ) say they like political leaders who are willing to compromise.
The fortunes of the middle classes in Western Europe ’s largest economies are moving in opposite directions. From 1991 to 2010, the shares of adults living in middle - income households increased in France, the Netherlands and the United Kingdom, but shrank in Germany, Italy and Spain.
Overall, about six - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 59 % ) say their household will be helped a great deal by the federal aid package, compared with 35 % of Republicans and Republican leaners. The share of Democrats who say their household will be helped a great deal by the federal aid package is about the same as the share of Republicans who say the same ( 31 % ).
The largest increase in the number of immigrant Mexicans to the U.S. occurred in 2005, when 2,944 Mexican immigrants entered the U.S..
Nearly two - thirds of Germans ( 65 % ) want to negotiate favorable trade agreements with other countries.
More than eight - in - ten in Sweden believe Germany is playing a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago. Across the countries surveyed, a median of 47 % believe it is playing a more important role now compared with 10 years ago.
Core Conservatives are more likely than other political parties to say it matters which party wins control of Congress ( 77 % vs. 16 % ).
A decadelong economic recession has contributed to a historic number of people leaving Puerto Rico for the U.S. mainland. Between 2005 and 2007, Puerto Rico had a net loss of about 446,000 people to the mainland, with job - related ( 40 % ) and family or household reasons ( 39 % ) cited as primary causes among a plurality of those leaving. Puerto Rico ’s population losses have affected nearly every county, or municipio, on the island. The population of San Juan, Puerto Rico ’s capital and
In Turkey, 87 % of Muslims say they think of themselves first as Muslim ( that is, excluding Jews ) and about three - quarters of Indonesians ( 77 % ).
Similar shares say they followed news about the aftermath of the earthquake in Japan ( 60 % ) and the tsunami in the Indian Ocean ( 55 % ) very closely in January 2005.
Fully 45 % of Americans paid very close attention to news about the current situation and events in Iraq, and 30 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to events in Iraq.
During the first two years of the recession, the median wealth of households grew 7.3 %, compared with 2.9 % in 2009.
Globally, a median of 71 % see climate change as a major threat. Majorities or pluralities in 20 surveyed G20 countries see climate change as a major threat.
In 2012, 72 % of Latino adults said they owned a desktop or laptop computer, compared with 70 % of whites.
negative views of Iran are most common in the U.S. ( 85 % ) and much of Europe ( 83 % ).
The public ’s perceptions of economic news have taken a turn for the worse. 54 % say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy, down from 65 % last month and the highest percentage expressing that view this year
For decades, the public has sympathized with Israel over the Palestinians and that remains the case today. Overall, 50 % say they sympathize more with Israel, compared with just 15 % who say they sympathize more with the Palestinians.
Asian workers in the U.S. are the most likely to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree. In 2016, about two - thirds ( 65 % ) of Asian workers ages 25 to 29 had at least a bachelor ’s degree.
For example, a majority ( 55 % ) of non - Hispanics said that police in their community would take an active role in identifying undocumented immigrants. By contrast, only about a third ( 34 % ) of Hispanics said this would take an active role in identifying undocumented immigrants.
Among those who say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, 65 % say abortion should be illegal in all or most cases, while 39 % say it should be illegal in all or most cases. At the national level, those who say abortion should be legal in at least most cases are much more likely to say abortion should be illegal in at least most cases, while those who say abortion should be illegal in at least most cases ( 83 % ) are much more likely to say abortion should be legal in at least most cases.
nearly two - thirds ( 65 % ), or 33 million, self - identify as being of Mexican origin.
Roughly three - quarters of Japanese ( 71 % ) believe the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role as a world leader than it did 10 years ago. Only 16 % of Chinese believe the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role today compared with 10 years ago.
The number of master ’s degree holders who have worked in the U.S. has slowed since 2016, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. The number of master ’s degree holders who have worked in the U.S. over the past five years has risen substantially, from 21 % in 2011 to 35 % in 2017.
The national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Nov. 29 - Dec. 4 among 1,503 adults, finds that the president ’s election has n’t made much of a difference. About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say his election has made race relations worse, while 36 % say it has made relations worse.
In 2012, the average amount that private college graduates borrowed was $ 74,900, well over the $ 74,900 that was originally intended as a loan.
The U.S. Hispanic population reached a record 53 million in 2012, and up from 53 million in 2010, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data.
American Life Project has found that the median percentage of adults who own a desktop or laptop computer has risen from 30 % in 2006 to 44 % today.
When asked to consider China ’s economic power a “ very serious ” problem for their country, 45 % of Indians see the U.S. as a “ somewhat serious ” problem. When asked to consider the Chinese ’s economic power a “ somewhat serious ” problem, 45 % of Indians see the U.S. as a very serious problem.
More than half ( 55 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 say the outbreak has been made a small deal or big deal, compared with 32 % who say it really is about right
more continue to think the United States does too much, rather than too little, to help solve world problems. But the share saying the U.S. does too little to address global problems has nearly doubled – from 17 % to 31 % – since last November, while the percentage saying it is doing too much has fallen from 51 % to 39 %
41 % of independents approve of the job Democratic leaders are doing. About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) disapprove of the way Democratic leaders are handling their jobs.
For those who own a smartphone, this is especially the case for those who are at ease using their phone. Six - in - ten smartphone owners ( 61 % ) have experienced one of the many times the challenges of using a smartphone. For those who own a smartphone, this is especially the case for those who are at ease using the phone.
Globally, a median of just 22 % have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs ; 54 % lack confidence in him. A median of 64 % lack confidence in Obama ’s ability to do the right thing in world affairs ; 44 % lack confidence in him. Confidence in Trump ’s ability to do the right thing in world affairs is low – just 22 % say they have confidence in him.
Among the six countries surveyed, the U.S. is the dominant economy, with roughly six - in - ten naming it as the leading economic power ( 61 % ). In Japan, Japan, South Korea and Australia, roughly half say the U.S. is the world ’s economic leader.
Americans express these broad sensitivities toward various kinds of information, they are actively engaged in negotiating the benefits and risks of sharing this data in their daily interactions with friends, family, co - workers, businesses and government
No matter who wins the presidential election, just 6 % of Americans say they will be excited about the outcome of the election.
As recently as 2009, 60 % of Americans said they were “ very confident ” that they had enough income and assets to last through retirement.
By two - to - one ( 60 % to 30 % ), more prioritize the development of alternative energy sources than expanded extraction of energy from traditional sources.
Among Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters, six - in - ten say that the party is driving the vote : 49 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say this, compared with just 18 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
married adults are much more likely than their male counterparts to say that sharing of household chores is very important to a successful marriage. About six - in - ten adults ( 61 % ) say household chores are very important to a successful marriage. And about six - in - ten adults ( 61 % ) say sharing household chores is very important to a successful marriage.
Eight years ago, more than seven - in - ten voters ( 71 % ) said they had given a lot or some thought to the presidential candidates. Today, about six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Democratic voters say they have given a lot or some thought to the presidential candidates
California ( 10.2 million ) is the largest share of unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. labor force. Texas ( 9.2 million ) is the largest share of unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. labor force.
About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) Hispanic immigrants who live in the U.S. say that their family ’s closures have a major impact on their own family, and 63 % say the same about their own community.
About half or more of the publics in advanced economies ( 51 % ) say that when children in their country grow up, they will be better off financially than their parents, including 39 % who say they will be worse off.
Interest in the campaign reached a new high. 34 % of the public followed news about the campaign very closely, up from 22 % the previous week and the highest percentage citing this as their most closely followed story.
In 2013, Turkish Prime Minister Erdogan was seen more unfavorably ( 51 % ) than favorably ( 49 % ).
A record 25 million minority - minority students ( 21 % ) were enrolled in a majority - minority school in 2010. This is nearly double the share of all students who were previously enrolled in kindergarten through 12th grade ( 73 % ).
About half of U.S. adults ( 52 % ) say the tax law will have a mostly negative effect on them and the country, while 33 % say it will have a mostly positive effect.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) say they heard a lot about this story, while 35 % say they heard a little. Another 17 % say they heard nothing at all about this.
The hiring rate, which peaked at 4.15 % in 2010, stood at its highest level in nearly two decades. But since 2012, it has been on the rise. The annual minimum wage has fluctuated between 1.75 and 2.17 %.
Just 17 % of Americans rate the job the college system does in providing financial assistance to their family. About half ( 52 % ) rate the system “ excellent ” or “ good ” in providing financial assistance to their family, while 35 % rate it “ only fair ” and 21 % rate it “ poor. ”
just 16 % of internet users say that they care that only you and those they authorize have access to this information.
Indeed, many Jews, Hindus, Muslims and other religious groups face at least some harassment in their country. For instance, nearly all Jews ( 99 % ), Hindus ( 97 % ), Muslims ( 97 % ) and Muslims ( 97 % ) are likely to have experienced some form of harassment in the country.
Public awareness of the developments in Zika is greatly diminished. Almost nine - in - ten ( 87 % ) know that political leaders in the House are not aware of Zika, while a smaller share ( 72 % ) knows that these leaders are aware of developments in Zika.
Nearly two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) say the U.S. should deal with its own problems rather than help other countries deal with their problems.
Among those who say that their side has been losing more often than it has been winning ( 55 % vs. 34 % ).
As he nears the end of his second term in office, Ronald Reagan ’s ratings for economic performance have been more negative than positive since shortly early 2009. Currently, about half ( 49 % ) say they expect economic conditions will be better a year from now, while just 11 % say they will be worse.
Some 46 % of smartphone owners said their smartphone is something “ they could n’t live without, ” compared with 54 % who said in a 2014 Pew Research Center survey that their phone is “ not always needed. ”. In addition to being essential for many, smartphone owners are much more likely to have positive views of these devices. For instance, they are much more likely to say smartphones are more helpful than annoying, represent freedom rather than represent a leash, enable connecting rather than being distracting and are worth the cost rather than being a
About six - in - ten Republican and Democratic - leaning registered voters ( 68 % ) now say free trade agreements are good for the country, down from 68 % last spring. Democratic voters are more likely than Republican voters to say free trade agreements have been good for the country : 68 % of Republican voters say free trade agreements have been good for the country, down from 68 % last spring.
74 % of Americans say increased trade with Japan would be good for the United States. Just 22 % believe increased trade with Japan would be good for the U.S.
In 2012, 76 % of eligible voters ages 18 and older cast ballots, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data shortly after that year ’s election.
Among those employed by the government, photographers were the hardest hit – losing time at work, losing time at work, losing time at work, and losing time at work.
Facing a variety of national problems – unemployment, unemployment, a troubled economy – Americans are dissatisfied with the way things are going in America today. About six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say the economy is in bad shape. That is more than twice the percentage ( 30 % ) saying the government is having a good influence on the way things are going in the country today.
Middle Eastern publics see both the U.S. and Russia playing more important roles in the region today than they did 10 years ago. At least half in all of the nations surveyed say Russia is more influential now compared with a decade ago. Lebanon is particularly likely to say Russia ’s role has grown, with Shia ( 81 % ) and Sunni Muslims ( 77 % ) sharing this view.
Facebook is used most often by teens ages 13 to 17, and about four - in - ten teens ( 41 % ) say they use Instagram and less often than other platforms.
In the third quarter of 2013, Gannett ’s broadcasting arm, Nexstar, had just 2 % of the total revenue.
The share of U.S. K-12 students with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent has risen since 2009. The share of K-12 students with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent climbed to 7.2 % in 2014 from 3.2 % in 2009.
among those who say white people do not benefit at all from advantages that blacks do not have, 74 % approve of Trump, with 60 % approving strongly. Among those who say white people do not benefit too much from advantages that blacks do not have, a smaller majority ( 57 % ) approve of Trump ’s job performance, including 39 % who strongly approve.
A majority ( 59 % ) of Americans approve of the U.S. policy banning the sale of ransom money to groups held by terrorist groups.
Currently, 51 % say they have a favorable opinion of Obama, while 37 % have an unfavorable view. Nearly seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) say they have an unfavorable view. Michelle Obama ’s favorability rating has rebounded from a modest dip and now matches her rating from 2009.
Fewer than one - in - five Italians ( 13 % ), Spanish ( 7 % ) and Germans ( 5 % ) say immigration is a very big problem for their country.
About seven - in - ten U.S. Jews ( 69 % ) say they have experienced discrimination or been treated unfairly regularly or from time to time, compared with just 17 % of those with a high school diploma or less.
These demographic changes also reflect a growing partisan gap in values, in particular. Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say they have a different view of the political system ( 43 % vs. 17 %, respectively ). Among Republicans, the average difference in values is 41 percentage points ; among Democrats, the difference is 31 points.
Modi ’s personal favorability rating of 58 % is higher than the share of the public who expresses a favorable view of the Congress party ( 34 % ). Among the three parties polled this year, a slim majority ( 58 % ) express a favorable view of the party.
The current share of all U.S. workers who belong to or are employed by a union is at a record low of 23.3 %, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data.
Two - thirds of Hispanics in Florida ( 68 % ) say they would prefer to use the term “ Hispanic ” to describe someone who is not Hispanic. A similar share ( 44 % ) say they would prefer to use the terms “ Hispanic ” or “ Latino ” to describe someone who is Latino.
A third followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely, while 23 % said it was the story they followed most closely. In addition 30 % paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over U.S. policy in Iraq, and 10 % said this was the story they followed most closely More than a quarter of the public paid very close attention to the debate in Congress over new immigration policy, and 12 % listed this as their top story
94 % of both those with a bachelor ’s degree or higher say they are satisfied with their lives, compared with 79 % of those with a private college degree.
People generally agree that trade increases wages. But a median of just 12 % across the 27 countries surveyed say trade leads to higher wages. A median of 42 % believe trade leads to higher wages. At the same time, a median of 27 % believe trade decreases prices, which is supposed to be one of the primary benefits of international trade.
A large majority of Republicans ( 78 % ) say that legal access to guns does not contribute much to gun violence, though eight - in - ten Democrats ( 78 % ) say the opposite. About two - thirds of Republicans ( 68 % ) say legal access to guns does not contribute much to gun violence, and a similar share of Democrats ( 65 % ) say it does not contribute at all to gun violence.
40 % cite the lack of employment opportunities ( 30 % ) or the widespread availability of health care ( 20 % ) as the most important problem facing the nation.
In France, where 84 % of respondents said they had heard at least a little about the election, Barack Obama was much more popular than Hillary Clinton in most of the Latin American countries surveyed. Nearly six - in - ten in Germany ( 68 % ), France ( 68 % ) and Spain ( 68 % ) said she was following the election very or fairly closely.
The United States stands out to many around the world as the country their own nation can rely on most, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
72 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners are concerned that the party will not do enough to oppose Trump.
Fully 68 % of adults say that parents should be able to decide not to have their children vaccinated, while just 30 % say they should be able to decide not to vaccinate.
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016, easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI In 2015, there were 93 reported victims compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001.
Fully 73 % of Egyptians say the military is having a good influence on the way things are going in their country. More than half ( 52 % ) say the National Front is having a positive impact.
In other news this week, interest in the 2008 presidential campaign remained high, in spite of relatively little coverage. Fully 36 % of the public followed news about the campaign very closely, down slightly from 40 % earlier this month. And 15 % listed conditions in the U.S. economy as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the campaign.
About eight - in - ten ( 84 % ) Latinos raised in the U.S. in 2014 identified as Catholic, while 19 % were raised Protestant and 19 % were raised unaffiliated, according to a Pew Research Center analysis
25 % of Americans say that observing the harassment of others has influenced them to set up or adjust their own privacy settings. But in other cases, widespread abusive behavior can have a more pronounced chilling effect : 27 % of U.S. adults say they have refrained from posting something online after witnessing the harassment of others, and 13 % of the population has elected to stop using an online service due to the harassment of others they observe.
From 1967 to 2012, the median household income for a young adult was $ 56,000, well class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-5'>above the average for all Asian Americans and the U.S. population at large
Less than half ( 45 % ) of the French public say they have a favorable opinion of Muslims, while just 18 % have an unfavorable view.
Roughly six - in - ten Japanese ( 61 % ) support increasing economic sanctions against North Korea. Only 25 % back deepening ties with North Korea.
A majority of Venezuelans ( 58 % ) say the government as a whole is having a negative impact on the way things are going in Venezuela. About a third ( 33 % ) say the media, elected officials and the media are having a negative impact.
a majority of Germans ( 57 % ) believe it is more important for Germany to have strong ties with the United States than with Russia. Just 15 % prefer strong ties with Russia, and another 21 % volunteer that it is best to have an equally close relationship with both.
The oil leak dominated news coverage. About a third of all coverage ( 34 % ) was devoted to the oil leak, far more than any other story.
The average gap between the views of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents across 10 political values has increased from 15 percentage points in 1994 to 36 points today.
While there was less media coverage of the Iraq war, public interest remained consistent. Roughly a quarter of the public ( 24 % ) followed news about the economy very closely, and 16 % listed this as their most closely followed story.
Among the issues tested, rising prices is the top priority for Pakistanis. With 97 % saying that the price of electricity is a very big problem, 87 % say that it ’s a very big problem. And tackling health care costs is a very big problem, with 76 % citing energy as a very big problem and 76 % citing health care as a very big problem.
Nationally, workers appear to be in shortest supply in two service sectors : professional / business services and healthcare / social assistance. Both had well over 1 million job openings in April – roughly one - third more than the sector with the third - highest number, accommodation and food services. All three of those sectors had openings rates of 5 % or higher, as did the catchall “ other services ” sector.
In June, a larger share of Biden supporters ( 64 % ) said they were feeling more optimistic than Trump supporters were in June. Today, Biden supporters are more likely to say they are feeling more optimistic than Trump supporters were in June. In June, more people were feeling more optimistic about the state of the country than Trump supporters were in June.
The retail sector saw the smallest growth during the 2013 holiday season, accounting for just 3 % of the total job creation.
Fully 54 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say the government should provide broadband at home, compared with 54 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
More than half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) say it is acceptable for companies to share users ’ data in order to improve school or assess potential terrorist threats, but only about a quarter ( 27 % ) are wary of such data
By a ratio of nearly six - to - one, Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say too little attention is paid to race today ; about the same share of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 58 % ) say the same.
Latinos give a negative assessment of their personal financial situation, compared with the general U.S. population. Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) Latinos rated their personal financial situation as good or excellent in 2008, compared with only about half ( 48 % ) of the general U.S. population.
In the 2016 survey, 70 % of Clinton supporters said that climate change is mostly due to human activity such as burning fossil fuels, compared with 47 % of Trump supporters. Large majorities of both Clinton supporters ( 70 % ) and Trump supporters ( 71 % ) said this.
Asked if they have experienced any racial or ethnic discrimination in the past year or two, 71 % of multiracial adults say they have experienced at least one of these discriminations because of their racial background. An additional 11 % say they have experienced discrimination because of their racial background.
In Japan, roughly seven - in - ten say ISIS poses a major threat to Japan.
Some 54 % of social - media - using parents report using Facebook less than half of the time, compared with 17 % of non - parents.
Nearly two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) were open to cooperating more with Germany in the future, while only 41 % of Germans said the same.
A majority of whites ( 56 % ) say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, compared with just 14 % of blacks and 13 % of Hispanics.
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in October found that 61 % of Americans approved of removing U.S. troops from Afghanistan as soon as possible, and another 38 % favored removing U.S. troops as soon as possible.
One - in - four Catholics ( 18 % ) say they have been divorced, while nearly four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they have lived with a partner recently.
Couples, once rare, have become one of the fewest in history. In 2016, just 21 % of couples had been married to someone of a different race or ethnicity. At the same time, however, in 2011, only 10 % of couples had been married.
In 2013, 7.3 % of unauthorized adults had been in the U.S. for 10 years or more – a share that nearly doubled from the 61 % who said they had been in the U.S. for less than five years.
The case study shows that 55 % of cell owners ages 18 to 24 have used their phone to keep themselves occupied during breaks or commercials while using the internet.
More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 84 % ) say they read for the purpose of researching a specific topic or interest five years ago.
More than half ( 53 % ) of private - sector workers have access to paid leave, but only 23 % of workers in the private sector say they do.
More than six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say that they are too quick to undergo elective procedures, according to a Pew Research Center survey.
The survey finds that the public is generally angry toward the federal government. About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they are basically content with government, while 58 % say they are basically content. About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they are basically content with government. About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they are basically content with government.
Across the three nations surveyed, a median of 58 % see the situation in Kashmir as a very big problem. And 58 % see the situation in Pakistan as a very big problem.
Women were more likely than men to view online harassment as a major problem ( 63 % vs. 54 % ). Women were also more likely than men to say offensive content online is too often dismissed as not a big deal ( 50 % vs. 35 % ), while men were more likely than women to say it is not a big deal ( 56 % vs. 36 % ).
fewer than 20 % in Argentina, 26 % in Brazil and 12 % in Mexico express confidence in Chavez ’s ability as a world leader.
About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they followed news about Obama ’s job performance most closely, while 13 % say they followed news about the Texas wildfires most closely. One - in - ten ( 10 % ) say their top story was Obama ’s annual speech to a joint session of Congress on Sept. 8 - 11. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the wildfires.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who lean toward the Republican Party are twice as likely as Democrats and Democratic leaners to say they have confidence in Putin to do the right thing in world affairs ( 35 % vs. 15 % ).
Millennials, who are projected to surpass Baby Boomers next year as the United States ’ largest living adult generation, are also approaching the Boomers in their share of the American electorate. As of November 2016, an estimated 62 million Millennials ( adults ages 20 to 35 in 2016 ) were voting - age U.S. citizens, surpassing the 57 million Generation X members ( ages 36 to 51 ) in the nation ’s electorate and moving closer in number to the 70 million Baby Boomers ( ages 52 to 70
In the current survey, 76 % of Democrats have a cold view of Clinton, with about half ( 53 % ) rating her very coldly.
About as many ( 48 % ) say such pre - emptive use of military force can rarely ( 28 % ) or never ( 20 % ) be justified
Obama was featured prominently in 79 % of all campaign news stories last week and McCain was featured in 80 %.
About seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 71 % ) say the local news media are in touch with the community, compared with 40 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners
Job approval ratings for Republican leaders in Congress are down slightly from mid - summer. Just 33 % approve of the job being done by the party ’s leaders in Congress, while 48 % disapprove. Job performance ratings for Democratic leaders are down slightly from mid - summer.
Black Muslims are more likely than white Christians to live in the Northeast ( 33 % vs. 23 % ).
The percentage of blacks in the U.S. has increased seven percentage points in just the past two decades, from 72 % in 1996 to 76 % today.
About six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) feel worn out by how much coverage the campaign receives, while 59 % say they like seeing it as a distraction.
Americans are closely divided over the media ’s coverage of climate change. Overall, 47 % of the public says the news media do a poor job in covering climate change, while 47 % say the media do a good job.
Fully 86 % have a favorable view of Duterte himself, 78 % support his handling of the illegal - drugs issue and 62 % say that the Philippine government is making progress in its anti - drug campaign.
The 2004 horse race was the most closely followed by the U.S. horse race, with 29 % of the public rating it as “ excellent ” or “ good ”. Four years later, the horse race was rated as excellent or good, by a 54 % to 25 % margin.
Just over two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed health care developments more closely than any other story. About a third ( 34 % ) say they followed reports about the condition of the economy most closely.
Roughly six - in - ten parents ( 58 % ) say they spend too little time with their children, with about three - quarters ( 73 % ) saying that they spend too little time with their children
About one - in - five ( 21 % ) religiously unaffiliated teens ages 13 to 17 say they regularly pray before eating lunch at school. By contrast, just 7 % of non - religious teens say they often or sometimes pray before eating lunch.
When it comes to the bilateral economic relationship, Americans with a college degree are more likely than those with no college degree to say economic ties are bad ( 53 % vs. 48 % ).
Nearly six - in - ten AAAS scientists ( 57 % ) say they should take an active role in scientific policy debates, with 13 % saying they should stay out of such matters.
A median of 53 % across the Asia - Pacific region say they lack confidence in Xi, while 28 % say they have confidence in Kim Jong Un. In South Korea, Japan, Vietnam and the Philippines, Xi ranks behind U.S. President Donald Trump.
Among legislators who tweet at least once a week, roughly a quarter ( 24 % ) of those in the top 25 % of the tweets were directed at New Zealand.
At the end of his presidency, Barack Obama ’s ratings among Israelis have consistently been more positive than negative. In Israel, a 56 % majority have a favorable opinion of the U.S., while roughly three - quarters ( 78 % ) have an unfavorable view.
In Florida, about 2.2 million Latinos will be eligible to vote in the 2020 presidential election, the largest of any state, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Florida state government data.
Interest in the 2012 presidential campaign reached a new high. In October 2008, 57 % of the public followed news about the candidates very closely. In August 2008, 57 % followed news about the candidates very closely.
Democratic voters are far more likely than Republican voters to say they think of their vote as a vote for Obama. Four - in - ten Democratic voters ( 41 % ) say their vote is a vote for Obama, while 46 % of Republican voters say the same. And Republicans are far more likely than Democrats to say their vote is a vote for Obama.
Hispanics are significantly more likely than Americans overall to say the outbreak is a major threat to health and personal finances ( 70 % vs. 43 % )
About two - thirds of black Protestants in the U.S. ( 67 % ) say they are Christian. Among white Protestants, 18 % say they are Christian. And among U.S. adults overall, about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they are either atheist, agnostic or “ nothing in particular ” ( 19 % )
When asked about eight specific issues affecting relations with China, majorities of Americans rank all eight as at least a somewhat serious problem, with roughly six - in - ten citing the large amount of U.S. debt held by China ( 67 % ) and cyberattacks as very serious problems ( 58 % ).
As the economy recovered from its winter hiatus, the number of people returning to work increased progressively each month, rising from about 31 % in January to about 26 % in January. Among the reasons cited, however, less than half ( 46 % ) of the total unemployed people returned to work in January, roughly double the share that said this in January ( 26 % ).
Currently, 54 % say that gun ownership protects people from becoming victims of crime, while 38 % say it does not protect people from becoming victims.
17 % say they followed news about the death of a suicide bomber in Afghanistan very closely ; 2 % say this was the story they followed most closely.
The Pew survey found that nearly eight - in - ten French Muslims ( 81 % ) think of themselves as Muslims first rather than as British. In the second half of the year, Muslims are split on the question, with 46 % calling themselves Muslims first, and 46 % saying they are Muslims second.
About a third ( 34 % ) followed news about swine flu and its vaccine very closely, while 17 % say swine flu was their top story of the week.
The Twitter activity of Donald Trump and his administration was significantly more negative than positive. More than half ( 54 % ) of Trump ’s tweets related to the Trump administration were negative, while just 12 % of his tweets related to the Trump administration were positive.
The teen birth rate in the U.S. is less than half of what it was 10 years ago, while the racial and ethnic gap was about the same as it was a decade ago. Still, the birth rate among 15- to 19 - year - old blacks was less than half of what it was a decade ago, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of newly released data from the National Center for Health Statistics.
Far more Millennials say they have no religious affiliation compared with those who identify as evangelical Protestants ( 21 % ), Catholics ( 11 % ) or mainline Protestants ( 11 % )
A majority of Americans ( 55 % ) say they heard at least a little last week about the atacs by CBS News Channel. Just 27 % say they heard a lot about this. By contrast, just 22 % say they heard nothing at all.
About seven - in - ten ( 74 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 say developing alternative energy sources should be the more important priority, compared with 41 % who say expanding production of fossil fuels should be the more important priority.
Between 2010 and 2050, India ’s population grew each year, with the U.S., China and India registering the largest increases.
Obama ’s current job rating of 49 % is higher than George W. Bush ’s rating ( 42 % ), but lower than Bill Clinton ’s job measure ( 54 % ).
Fully 85 % of the public says that the economic situation for their children will be worse off in the future compared with those who are wealthy. This is much higher than the percentage who say the poor will be better off, and is much higher than the percentage who say the rich will be worse off.
LGBT adults are also less likely to say religion is very important in their lives ( 48 % ) than they are to say the same about religion ( 17 % ).
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say the government should be responsible for ensuring health care coverage for all Americans : 52 % of Democrats approve of the law, compared with 22 % of Republicans.
about a third of Americans ( 32 % ) say they have discussed with their children about end - of - life issues.
Puerto Rico has lost more migrant residents than the island. In 2010, about 126,900 more migrant arrivals were to the island.
54 % of Americans say that enhancing their privacy practices would be difficult. Just 9 % of Americans say that it would be easy for them to find out how many of the people they targeted to use their cellphones have been able to do so.
About eight - in - ten Americans ( 82 % ) – including large majorities of Republicans and ( 76 % ) and Democrats ( 90 % ) – say that once he takes office, Trump “ will need to be more cautious about the kinds of things he says and tweets. ” Just 15 % of the public says there is no need for Trump to change the kinds of things he says and tweets.
Those self - identifying as disabled are somewhat more likely than the general public to report being particularly engaged with this election. In a survey conducted in June, fully 71 % of Americans with disabilities said it “ really matters who wins the election, ” compared with 59 % of Americans who do not have a disability.
those younger than 35 continue to be the most likely of all age groups to rent. In 2016, 65 % of households headed by people younger than 35 were renting, up from 57 % in 2006. Rental rates have also risen notably among those ages 35 to 44. In 2016, about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) households headed by someone in this age range were renting, up from 31 % in 2006. Rental rates have also risen notably among those ages 45 to 44. In 2016, about four
Nearly six - in - ten Brazilians ( 62 % ) say their country ’s economy is in good shape. That figure is double the share of the public who said this in 2013
A majority of Americans say the government does not do enough for older people, with about six - in - ten saying the government does too little for poor people and middle - class people
Eight - in - ten non - Hispanic adults with Hispanic ancestry say they have never thought of themselves as Hispanic. This share rises to 81 % among those who say they have never thought of themselves as Hispanic
Facebook users are more likely than non - parents to say they are friends with their children. 93 % of parents who use Facebook say they are friends with their children, compared with 58 % of non - parents. Among parents who use Facebook, 47 % say they are friends with their children, compared with 40 % of non - parents.
Among House members, Republicans outnumber Democrats by more than four - to - one ( 69 % to 37 % ).
36 % of the public made their presidential announcements via email.
The 10 % of users who are most active in terms of tweeting are responsible for 80 % of all tweets created by U.S. users.
a median of 51 % believe the economy will be better off in the next year, compared with only 24 % in the Middle East and just 24 % in Europe.
In a 2014 Pew Research Center survey, roughly three - quarters of adults said it was OK for people to use their phones while walking down the street, riding public transit or waiting in line, but far fewer found it acceptable to use cellphones during a meeting, at the movies or in church.
More than eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic - leaning registered voters say he would make a good ( 64 % ) or great ( 34 % ) president, while just 18 % say he would be an average president and just 18 % say he would be poor or terrible.
Some 65 % of parents have taken their teen ’s cellphone or internet privileges away as a punishment. Another 60 % of parents have taken their teen ’s cellphone or internet privileges away as a punishment. Still, just 16 % of parents say they have taken their teen ’s cellphone or internet privileges away as a punishment.
When asked about the future of China ’s role as the world ’s leading superpower, 48 % of Americans say China will surpass the U.S. as the world ’s leading superpower, while only 16 % of Chinese believe it will surpass the U.S..
The median age of non - internet users is 59.
Mobile payments are especially common in sub - Saharan Africa, where about three - quarters ( 68 % ) make or receive payments using cell phones.
Support for same - sex marriage has been growing in recent years, with 57 % of Americans now in favor and 55 % opposed.
In Jordan, roughly eight - in - ten Israelis ( 79 % ) and Jordanians ( 79 % ) share the view that violence in Syria will spread throughout the region.
nearly three - quarters ( 76 % ) of Hispanic adults say they own a cellphone. This compares with 64 % of non - Hispanic Hispanics who say they own a cellphone.
The median age of young viewers on The Daily Show is 36 years old. This is slightly higher than the age range of older TV shows, with about a quarter ( 26 % ) of those 18 to 29.
According to the Pew Hispanic Center ’s 2010 National Survey of Latinos, more than six - in - ten ( 63 % ) say that unauthorized immigrants who are in the U.S. illegally should be deported. An additional 28 % say they should be deported.
Nearly three - quarters of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents see China unfavorably, compared with just 27 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
Greeks are less likely than their counterparts to see the U.S. and other international organizations positively. Only 25 % of Greeks see the U.S. favorably, compared with 51 % who see it unfavorably.
While working moms spend more time at home than working dads, there ’s a significant difference in how much time moms spend on housework. On average, 63 % of working moms spend about the same amount of time on housework as a father, compared with 58 % of working dads.
Across six Pew Research Center surveys, a median of 76 % see Pakistan as a major threat to their country.
There continues to be a sizable partisan gap in ratings of the national economy. Currently, 56 % of Republicans, but just 28 % of independents and 23 % of Democrats, give the economy at least a good rating.
Nearly nine - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 94 % ) now favor stricter environmental laws, compared with 87 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
the Latino unemployment rate stood at 6.8 percent, compared with 6.2 percent for whites.
News about the shootings topped the public ’s news interest last week. About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they followed news about the shootings more closely than any other news. Another 17 % say they followed news about the economy most closely.
The G7 nations ’ fertility rates have been consistently lower than the world ’s overall fertility rates. The largest G7 nations had a median fertility rate of 2.46 children per woman in 2019, at a rate of 2.46. That ’s lower than the world ’s overall fertility rates of 2.46, but higher than the world ’s average fertility rate in 1960, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of data from the Global Attitudes Project. The world ’s fertility rates were lower than the world ’s
Roughly half of Americans ( 52 % ) said they felt obligated to stay tuned in to COVID-19 news because they feel it is important to them personally, while just 9 % of white adults said the same.
Catholics are more likely than other U.S. Catholics to be Hispanic. Fully 59 % of Catholics are Hispanic, compared with just 3 % of all Catholics.
Only, in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude. Interestingly, Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ), the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ). And a scant 12 % of Germans find Americans lacking in politeness.
About half of Americans ( 49 % ) said Sanders was the best or second best news story of the week, while just 13 % named Biden.
Currently those in higher income families are more likely than those in lower income families to feel they are paying more than their fair share. About half ( 52 % ) of those with annual family incomes of $ 100,000 or more say they pay more than their fair share. By comparison, just 30 % of those with family incomes of less than $ 30,000 say they pay more than their fair share.
Nearly six - in - ten Germans say it is more important to have a close relationship with Russia, while roughly three - quarters prefer that the relationship be more between the two countries.
About a third ( 32 % ) of Americans now favor same - sex marriage, compared with 42 % who oppose same - sex marriage in the current survey.
Roughly four - in - ten Brazilians ( 42 % ) say that political instability will develop over the next five years.
64 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters say they are looking forward to the 2020 presidential election. These shares are unchanged from January. In January, 64 % of Democratic voters said they were looking forward to the presidential election.
Of the more than 70,000 refugees who have been admitted to the U.S. so far in fiscal year 2015, the largest numbers have come from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Syria.
Republicans ( 51 % ) are more likely than Democrats ( 31 % ) to approve of the U.S. military action taken against militants in Iraq.
In the new survey, 73 % of Americans say higher education is going in the wrong direction, while 38 % say it is going in the right direction.
The Arabic share of people ages 5 and older who speak Arabic at home now stands at 29 %, up from 29 % in 2010.
89 % of parents of a child 11 or younger say they have watched videos on YouTube. The majority of parents of a child 11 or younger say they have watched or downloaded videos from these sites.
The share of English proficient immigrants in the U.S. is growing. As of 2018, 57 % of foreign - born immigrants ages 5 and older speak English proficiently, up from 47 % in 2010.
In February 2012, 40 % of internet users were using Twitter.
About seven - in - ten Americans ( 74 % ) say it is more important for people to be able to find what they want on the internet, while 23 % say it is more important for people to be able to find what they want.
Majorities of Christians ( 95 % ) and Muslims ( 76 % ) in Jordan and Lebanon express a favorable opinion of these groups, as do roughly three - quarters of Muslims ( 77 % ) and Christians ( 76 % ) in both countries. However, majorities of both Muslims ( 77 % ) and Christians ( 76 % ) in Jordan and Lebanon express a favorable view of these groups.
About half of women ( 47 % ) say the country has not gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men, compared with 32 % of men. Women are more likely than men to say the country has not gone far enough in giving women equal rights with men ( 64 % vs. 37 % ).
Overall, 63 % of Latinos say the U.S. government is doing a good job in responding to the surge in asylum seekers at the border with Mexico, while only 34 % say the government is doing a bad job.
About half ( 49 % ) of the public says it is possible to cut back on environmental regulations and still effectively protect air and water class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-4'>quality a similar share ( 47 % ) says this is not possible. There are large partisan divides on this issue
Roughly half of adults ( 51 % ) say transgender people should be able to use the restroom that matches the gender with which they currently identify, while 42 % say they should be required to use the restroom of their birth gender.
44 % of teens say they check their phone at least occasionally, which is about twice the share ( 28 % ) who say they check it at least occasionally. Another 44 % say they check their phone for updates as soon as they wake up.
In Turkey 64 % of the public calls such a ban a bad idea compared with 29 % who view it as a good idea. Lebanon weighs in against head scarf bans by 78 % opposed to 29 % in favor, while even larger majorities in Jordan ( 92 % ), Indonesia ( 85 % ), Morocco ( 82 % ) and Morocco ( 77 % ) call them a bad idea.
Age is another strong, independent predictor for use of social media. Age is another strong, independent predictor for use of social media. Some 43 % of age - dependent internet users ages 18 - 29 use social media, compared with 43 % of those ages 30 - 49 and just 11 % of those ages 50 - 64.
Among those who say religion plays a more important role in their lives, more than three - quarters ( 73 % ) say it plays a more important role than it did 20 years ago. Similarly, those who say religion plays a less important role in their lives are more likely to say it plays a more important role than people who say the same in their lives. About half of those who say religion is more important in their lives ( 50 % ) say it plays a less important role in their lives than it did 20 years ago, compared
Nearly half of U.S. adults ( 48 % ) say life for future generations will be worse than it is today, while 23 % say it will be better and 21 % say it will be better.
Asked if they need help with using their new device, around six - in - ten seniors 65 and older ( 59 % ) say they usually do so when they get a new device. By contrast, just 12 % of those ages 65 and older say they usually do so when they get a new device.
According to the survey, 39 % of Hispanic immigrants living in the U.S. lack health insurance, compared with 21 % of U.S.-born Hispanics and 21 % of foreign - born Hispanics.
Roughly eight - in - ten ( 76 % ) remain unhappy with the way things are going in Japan, while a roughly equal number ( 76 % ) says they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Japan.
Among Catholics, Republicans are more likely than Democrats to express a favorable opinion of the pontiff. Nearly eight - in - ten ( 87 % ) Catholics expressing a favorable view of the pontiff, compared with only 15 % of Democrats.
More than half ( 53 % ) of Hispanic adults say the current system can handle theinflux of children from Guatemala to the U.S. ; about a third ( 34 % ) say the system can not handle this problem.
In the current survey, 67 % say they are hearing mostly bad economic news, down from 67 % in August and 67 % in August.
Now, Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are twice as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say the U.S. economic system is fair ( 50 % vs. 15 % ).
There were approximately 1.2 million unauthorized immigrants living in the UK in 2017, up from around 1.2 million in 2014, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of government data.
Globally, a median of 60 % say China respects the personal freedom of its people. In North America, people in both the U.S. ( 45 % ) and Europe ( 46 % ) feel strongly that China does not respect civil liberties. In Europe, people in both the U.S. ( 86 % ) and Europe ( 86 % ) feel strongly that China does not respect civil liberties. In Asia, 60 % say China does not respect civil liberties as well.
Less than half ( 45 % ) say the national government ’s efforts to influence the way things are going in Tunisia have a good influence on the way things are going in Tunisia.
Republicans are far more likely than Democrats to say the U.S. has succeeded in reaching its goals in Iraq. More than eight - in - ten liberal Democrats ( 83 % ) say the U.S. has succeeded in reaching its goals, compared with just 36 % of conservative Republicans.
Nigerians are also the most positive about China ’s economic growth. Roughly three - quarters ( 73 % ) have a favorable view of China, up from 61 % in 2019.
Voters were closely divided over the Iraq war. About half of the public ( 49 % ) says they followed news about the current situation and events in Iraq very closely, while 40 % say their top story was the situation in Iraq.
Seven - in - ten adults ( 70 % ) say unions are necessary to protect the working person, while about two - thirds ( 64 % ) say they are not.
A median of 58 % across the emerging and developing nations polled say it is at least somewhat important that people have access to the internet without government censorship.
Bill Clinton ’s favorability rating has rebounded to match all - time highs. In the current survey, 86 % of Democrats have a favorable opinion of the former president, while only 29 % have an unfavorable view. Since 2005 Bill Clinton ’s overall favorability ratings have climbed 15 points.
In rural counties, the share of married adults who are married is somewhat less common than in urban counties ( 52 % ). Among rural counties, the share of married adults who are married is somewhat less common – 37 % – than in urban counties, but still higher than in suburban counties ( 44 % ).
In the first year of Donald Trump ’s presidency, confidence in the U.S. president tumbled, and confidence in the U.S. president plunged in several Western European countries. The pattern is similar in Germany, France and the UK.
Globally, a median of just 23 % have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs ; 54 % lack confidence in him. A median of 70 % lack confidence in Trump ’s ability to do the right thing regarding world affairs. A median of 74 % lack confidence in Trump ’s ability to do the right thing regarding world affairs.
Just 16 % of Americans say China considers other countries like yours a great deal or fair amount of a problem. In contrast, 57 % of Americans say China considers other countries a great deal or fair amount of a problem, while just 16 % say it is not much of a problem.
Roughly three - in - ten Americans ( 31 % ) paid very close attention to the Marine murder scandal, and 22 % listed this as their most closely followed story.
Among older adults, smartphones are becoming more popular ways of accessing the internet. Some 46 % of smartphone owners say they mostly use the internet on a smartphone, compared with 28 % of those ages 18 to 29.
Major elements of George W. Bush ’s foreign policies met with widespread opposition in the region, and by the time he left office, his ratings in countries like the United Kingdom, Germany, France and Spain were quite low.
Younger women are more likely than their older counterparts to say they are “ very well - educated ” in the political arena ( 68 % vs. 42 % ). By contrast, more college - educated women and their less well - educated male counterparts say they are “ somewhat well - educated ” in the political arena ( 68 % vs. 54 % ).
There is a 13 - point difference in daily internet use between the Web - only sample ( 82 % ) and of the total sample ( 79 % ). About eight - in - ten of Americans in the Web - only sample said they had sent email or texts to friends or family the day before, compared with about seven - in - ten in the total sample.
Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games.
In January 2013, 43 % said they were following the debate over gun control very closely ; 23 % said they were following the debate over gun control very closely.
Fully 34 % of Americans followed news about the economy very closely and 26 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the economy
Nearly half of adults ( 47 % ) say there would be fewer mass shootings if it was harder for people to obtain guns legally
Two - in - ten ( 20 % ) say they followed news about the U.S. military effort in Afghanistan more closely than any other news last week, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted June 23 - 26 by the Pew Research Center. economic news easily topped coverage as well.
The share of Latinos in the U.S. who speak English proficiently is growing. In 2013, 68 % of Latinos ages 5 and older spoke Spanish proficiently, up from 59 % in 1980.
Roughly eight - in - ten Republicans ( 82 % ) disapprove of the executive action and about seven - in - ten Democrats ( 71 % ) approve of it, with very strong attitudes on both sides.
In Florida, Cubans now make up about a third ( 32 % ) of the state ’s eligible Hispanic voters, up from 27 % in 2010.
Among working mothers, 46 % say being a working father makes it harder to advance in the job or career.
More than four - in - ten ( 44 % ) Millennials have cited Obama as their first or second choice for having done the best job of any president of their lifetimes.
Early in the campaign, there was less confidence in either candidate ( 80 % ) or Trump ( 59 % ) to win the election. But in the end, there is more confidence in a Democrat ( 80 % ) than a Republican ( 59 % ) to win the election.
nearly nine - in - ten blacks ( 88 % ) said the government should provide food and water to the needy people in their community ; just three - in - ten whites ( 29 % ) said this.
Currently, 86 % of Republicans view the Republican Party favorably, compared with 68 % who view the Democratic Party unfavorably.
Roughly eight - in - ten religious “ nones ” ( 82 % ) say they most often attend religious services at least once or twice a month, compared with 11 % who say they do not attend services at all often.
Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are significantly more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to have favorable views of the EU. In 2019, 63 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners had a favorable view of the EU, compared with 54 % of Republicans and Republican leaners – a difference of 46 percentage points. The partisan gap in views of the EU has persisted over the past 15 years.
Most Americans continue to say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy ( 57 % ), while 30 % say they are hearing mostly bad news and 11 % are hearing mostly good news.
those in families with shared political views are more likely to say they are open to talking about politics with others than those who are not familiar with politics. For example, 59 % of those in families with shared political views say their family is not comfortable talking about politics, while 42 % say they are comfortable talking with others
About half of Democrats ( 48 % ) say the budget deficit affects their finances a lot and 38 % say it affects their finances a lot
The public remains evenly divided between those who support the U.S. military effort in Iraq and those who lean toward the Republican Party ( 93 % ) and those who lean toward the Democratic Party ( 74 % ). Just 22 % of Americans believe the U.S. made the right decision in using military force against Iraq, while 39 % say it was not
In 2012, the 30- year - old student loan deficit was 30 %, compared with 35 % of all maturities.
There are large partisan differences in the country ’s identity. Most adults in Taiwan identify as Taiwanese, while only about a third ( 32 % ) identify as Taiwanese. However, not all adults identify as Taiwanese, and only 16 % of adults in Taiwan identify as Taiwanese.
only around one - in - five Indians ( 23 % ) say they regularly send or receive email from a cell phone
The share of Americans who say their European allies should increase their national defense spending dropped by 5 percentage points between 2018 and 2019, while the share saying European allies should keep their spending about the same rose 9 points.
About seven - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 71 % ) say they trust the federal government to do what is right just about always or most of the time, compared with about half of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 48 % ).
Awareness of the Voluntary Poverty Index survey has risen significantly. More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 84 % ) say they have heard at least a little last week about the outbreak, up from 56 % in October and 34 % in September.
As in the past, the public has mixed views of NATO. A 53 % majority has an unfavorable opinion of the organization, while 19 % have a favorable view.
Today, just 35 % of Greeks express confidence in Obama ’s ability to handle international affairs, while 57 % have little or no confidence.
A majority ( 57 % ) of college - educated women say women should wait until she is well established in her political career to be considered well - established, while 20 % say women should wait until she is well established.
One - in - five U.S. adults say they have heard “ a lot ” about the debate over the legality of home - sharing services. A majority ( 56 % ) say these services should not be legal at all, while 31 % say they should be illegal at all.
Republicans are more likely than Democrats to say technology companies support the views of liberals. Around six - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 58 % ) say major technology companies support the views of liberals, compared with 38 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
Only about a third ( 34 % ) of Latino adults say that the effect of unauthorized immigration on Hispanics already living in the U.S. is positive.
Currently, 48 % say it is more important to control gun ownership, while 46 % say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns. Opinion has been divided since early 2009. From 1993 through 2008, majorities had said it was more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights.
Middle - income households in Luxembourg lived on $ 71,799 annually in 2010, at the median, followed by $ 60,884 in the U.S. The middle class in Italy lived on a median income of $ 35,608, the most modest means among the countries analyzed.
Twitter users are also more likely to use their cell phones to connect to the internet ; fully two in five ( 40 % ) Twitterers with cell phones use the device to connect to the internet ; one quarter ( 24 % ) of those who go online but do not use Twitter do the same.12
a majority of Americans ( 54 % ) say that news organizations are giving the right amount of coverage to the situation in Iraq, while just 13 % say the media is giving the right amount of coverage to the situation in Iraq.
Republicans are about as likely to have an excellent ( 50 % ) as a good ( 49 % ) impression of their party ’s presidential field.
According to the Project for Excellence in Journalism ’s Campaign Coverage Index, from Jan. 1 through June 15 of this year, Obama appeared as a significant newsmaker in 102 stories. Cindy McCain has appeared in just 28 stories over this period.1
The growth of the U.S. Hispanic population has slowed since the beginning of the decade. The Hispanic population reached a new high of 4.8 million in 2015.
Overall, a larger share of Americans say that Trump ’s policies have had a positive impact on the economy ( 44 % ) than that Obama ’s policies have had a negative impact on the economy ( 44 % ).
Among veterans, 47 % say re - adjusting to civilian life was a challenge, compared with 32 % who say it was a challenge.
More are hearing mostly bad news ( 68 % ) than good news ( 54 % ) about the economy.
More than two - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they very closely followed news about a deadly spill of toxic sludge in Iraq ; 25 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
The president ’s overall approval ratings slid over time to historic lows.
a median of 55 % across the nations polled describe him this way
In 2016, 62 % of eligible voters cast ballots, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data shortly after that year ’s election.
Conservative Republicans are much more likely than conservative Democrats to give cold ratings to college professors. About three - quarters of conservative Republicans ( 74 % ) give professors a warm rating, while 31 % give them a cold rating. Conservative Republicans are much more likely than conservative Republicans to give warm ratings to professors ( 76 % give them a warm rating ).
In the new survey, 83 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners say it is very important to provide safe and clean asylum seekers to the U.S., compared with 37 % of Republicans and Republican leaners. As recently as 2016, 79 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners said it was very important to provide safe and clean asylum seekers to the U.S., compared with 37 % of Republicans and Republican leaners.
Some 54 % of Hispanic smartphone owners say they worry a lot or some about paying for broadband at home, and 34 % say they are worried about not paying for broadband at home. Even fewer of Hispanic smartphone owners say they worry a lot or some about paying for broadband at home.
More than four - in - ten Millennials ( 44 % ) name Obama as one of the best or second best presidents of their lifetimes, compared with 27 % who name Reagan and 19 % who name Reagan.
A large majority of Americans maintain a database of all federal government data. And 81 % favor a federal database to track all gun sales and sales at gun shows.
While there have been no significant increases in the number of COVID-19 deaths in Democratic districts since mid - April, deaths have been rising in both Republican and Democratic districts. The deaths have been rising in both Republican and Democratic districts, but they have been falling somewhat overall in Republican - controlled districts.
The share of 18- to 29 - year - olds who say they have given quite a lot of thought to the election has fallen from 48 % in August of 2008 to 48 % in September 2012.
85 % of Americans believe U.S. military is important to the U.S. ’s security interests, and nearly six - in - ten see them as very important
Seven - in - ten Americans ( 70 % ) say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, if they meet certain requirements.
The share of Americans saying ensuring health care coverage is the government ’s responsibility has increased from 51 % last year and now stands at its highest point in nearly a decade
In 1970, 87 % of women in couples where the husband works earns more than her husband ’s. In 1980, women in couples where the husband works earns less than their husband ’s share of the income. In 2017, 29 % of women in couples where the husband works earns more than their husband, while 13 % of men in couples where the wife works earns less than their husband.
There are several reasons why non - broadband users do not have broadband at home. Some 59 % of non - broadband users cite a number of reasons why they do not have broadband at home. The second most commonly cited reason is that a subscriber is not having broadband at home, while a third ( 33 % ) say that having broadband at home is a major reason. Another 2 % cite a lack of broadband access or a reason why they do not have broadband at home as a reason why they do not have broadband at home
63 % of Republicans say they are looking forward to the elections, compared with just 48 % of Democrats.
Fully 51 % of Hispanics say being a good parent is extremely important to them personally, and 33 % rate it as one of the most important things in their lives.
The public continues to say conflicts between Republicans and Democrats are either strong or very strong. Nearly seven - in - ten U.S. adults ( 71 % ) say such conflicts are either very strong ( 21 % ) or very strong ( 20 % ). About half of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say they are very strong
About nine - in - ten officers ( 92 % ) say that protests against police officers have a great deal or fair amount of bias toward them, compared with 68 % who say this is a mostly bad thing.
When it comes to political leadership, women are much more likely than men to say having more women in high political offices is advantageous to having a woman in government. Two - thirds ( 67 % ) of women see political leadership as advantageous to a woman, compared with just 17 % of men. Among men, only 37 % of women see political leadership as advantageous to a woman. By contrast, 37 % of men see political leadership as advantageous to a woman, compared with 18 % of men.
The vast majority ( 84 % ) of Latinos say that better border security and stronger enforcement of immigration laws should be given equal priority. About four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say both should be given equal priority.
In every country surveyed, overwhelming majorities disapprove of how Brussels has dealt with the refugee problem. This includes 94 % of Greeks, 88 % of Swedes and 77 % of Italians. The strongest approval of EU management of the refugee crisis is in the Netherlands, but that backing is a tepid 31 %.
Across the European nations polled, a median of 58 % believe it is more important for everyone to be free to pursue their life ’s goals without interference from the state, while 35 % believe it is more important for the state to play an active role in society so as to guarantee that nobody is in need
Across all of the countries polled, a median of 51 % are concerned about Islamic extremism. In Senegal, roughly three - quarters ( 77 % ) express concern about Islamic extremism. Nearly six - in - ten in Egypt ( 67 % ) and Indonesia ( 67 % ) express concern.
Communal tensions – between rich and poor – have long plagued American society. Today, 85 % say the rising price of food and crime is a very big problem, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. And nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) say crime is a very big problem.
48 % hold a favorable view of unions, while somewhat fewer ( 46 % ) say they have an unfavorable view.
94 % of Americans say they have heard of CNN. That is more than twice the percentage ( 50 % ) saying they have heard “ a lot ” or “ a little ” about it. Similarly, about half of Americans ( 49 % ) say they have heard “ a little ” about it, compared with 44 % who say they have heard only “ a little ” about it.
The number of college - educated workers with at least a bachelor ’s degree has increased over the long haul. The number of workers with at least a bachelor ’s degree has increased by 25 percentage points over the past five years.
Khan ’s popularity has declined over the past two decades. Currently, 62 % of Pakistanis express a favorable view of the Pakistan Muslim League ( PML - N ) leader.
The Iraq war, which has been the public ’s most closely followed news story throughout much of the year, has nearly fallen off the media ’s radar screen. In spite of reduced coverage, the public is still following events in Iraq fairly closely. Last week, 17 % of Americans followed news about the current situation and events in Iraq very closely, compared with 12 % who listed this as their most closely followed news story.
Afghans have been steadily growing, and fewer of them have entered the U.S. since 2013. In 2013, 18 % of Afghans had entered the U.S. under special immigrant visas, compared with 16 % of Iraqis.
The share of Republicans and Republican leaners who say colleges and universities have a negative effect on the country has jumped from 65 % in 2014 to 65 % today.
Today, 19 % of senators and 18 % of representatives have served in the military.
More than half ( 49 % ) of Indians own a cell phone, but few use it for getting political news.
The U.S. Hispanic population reached a record 60.6 million in 2019, and up from 50.3 million in 2010, according to newly released U.S. Census Bureau population estimates.
A majority of Americans support the renewal of diplomatic relations with Cuba. A Pew Research Center survey from July 2015 found that 73 % of Americans approved of the thaw in relations between the two countries. A similar share also said they would favor ending the trade embargo the U.S. imposed against Cuba in 1960.
During the first year of George W. Bush ’s presidency, American voters began to register their concerns about the country ’s direction. In January 2001, Bush ’s final year in office, 59 % of the public said they felt that way about the country ’s direction. By February 2001, however, Bush ’s influence had waned, and by the end of 2001, it looked like this would be the last year for the country.
Television still dominates. Newspapers are falling on hard times. Just this past December, we documented that the internet had surpassed newspapers as the second most common source for the public.
The survey found that about half of Indian Americans ( 51 % ) identify as Hindus, while 10 % identify as Sikhs and 1 % as Jains ( two other religious groups that also observe Diwali ). Most of the rest are Christians ( 18 % ), Muslims ( 10 % ) or people unaffiliated with any religion ( 10 % ).
Puerto Rico ’s population stabilized in 2010 after several years of decline. The island ’s population stood at 8.1 million in 2010, about the same as in 2000 ( 2.2 million in 2010 ).
More than half ( 54 % ) say they are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Turkey today.
Nearly two - in - ten ( 17 % ) say their top story was reports about the condition of the U.S. economy, while 15 % say they most closely followed news about the Occupy Wall Street protests in New York and other cities
partisan leaners are more likely than partisans to view both parties favorably ( 77 % vs. 17 % )
The number of assaults against Muslims in the United States rose significantly between 2015 and 2016, easily surpassing the modern peak reached in 2001, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of new hate crimes statistics from the FBI In 2016, there were 127 reported victims compared with 91 the year before and 93 in 2001.
Among working mothers, half say they spend too little time with their kids, while nearly twice as many ( 48 % ) say they spend too little time with their kids.
Concern about identity is highest in France ( 63 % ), Germany ( 63 % ) and Spain ( 53 % ). More than half in Spain ( 53 % ), Britain ( 53 % ) and Spain ( 53 % ) say they identify primarily as Christian.
Opinion about expanding the use of nuclear power has fluctuated in recent years. However, the current measure matches a previous low in support for increased nuclear power recorded in September 2005 ( 39 % favor, 53 % oppose ).
The vast majority of Americans ( 98 % ) say that sex outside of marriage is always or sometimes acceptable.
The estimated 15 - cent gender pay gap among all workers in 2018 has narrowed from 36 cents in 1980. For young women, the gap has narrowed by a similar margin over time. In 1980, women ages 25 to 34 earned 33 cents less than their male counterparts, compared with 11 cents in 2018
Support for same - sex marriage has increased among whites, blacks and Hispanics over the past decade. Today, 64 % of whites favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, compared with just 38 % of blacks and 38 % of Hispanics.
Republican men ( 50 % ) are more likely than Democratic women ( 44 % ) to favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children. And while younger Republicans ( those ages 18 to 49 ) broadly support granting legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally as children ( 58 % favor, 45 % oppose ), older Republicans are more divided ( 46 % favor, 45 % oppose ).
41 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say news organizations give the right amount of coverage to the protests, compared with 31 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
An overwhelming majority of Nigerians ( 83 % ) have an unfavorable opinion of Boko Haram. Overall, 82 % of Nigerians have an unfavorable view of Boko Haram, including 83 % of whom have a very unfavorable view
In the current survey, 42 % of Republicans say they approve of the way Obama is handling his job as president, while 53 % of Democrats say the same. Obama ’s job rating among independents is only slightly higher than in December 2012 ( 33 % approve ).
Strengthening the nation ’s economy ( 84 % ) and defending the country from future terrorist attacks ( 73 % ) stand at the top of the public ’s priority list for the president and Congress in 2011. A tier below these top issues, about two - thirds call improving the educational system ( 73 % ) and improving the job situation ( 73 % ) top priorities for the country. The public ranks reducing the budget deficit ( 56 % top priority ) toward the middle of its list, alongside issues such as
About 54 % of black eligible voters in New York are non - Hispanic whites, compared with 27 % of whites. Additionally, the Hispanic share of New York ’s eligible voters is higher than that of blacks ( 43 % ) and Hispanics ( 29 % ).
British enthusiasm for leaving the EU has been declining. In 2013, the British public was divided on the issue, with 46 % wanting to stay and 46 % expressing a desire to leave. In 2014, more than half of Brits ( 55 % ) say they want to remain in the EU, while just 36 % say they want to go.
Currently, 39 % of Americans have a favorable opinion of the Democratic Party, while 40 % view the Republican Party unfavorably. In April, just 17 % of Americans had a favorable view of the GOP.
In the 2013 survey, 88 % of Americans said love was a very important reason to get married ; in a survey of the general public that year, 88 % shared that view By wide margins, companionship and lifelong commitment were the next - most important reasons for Americans to get married.
By the third generation – a group made up of the U.S.-born children of U.S.-born parents and immigrant grandparents – the share that self - identifies as Hispanic falls to 77 %
Seven - in - ten Adventists in the United States are of a different race or ethnicity, each tracing its origins in a different country.
The rising price of gasoline was the public ’s top story last week. Fully 27 % of Americans reported hearing a mix of good and bad news about gas prices last week, and 23 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. Gas prices overshadowed the presidential campaign as the public ’s most closely followed story by a substantial margin. Three - in - ten Americans ( 30 % ) said it was the story they followed more closely than any other.
About seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say the government should do more to help those in need, even if it means going deeper into debt. Just 27 % say the government should do more to help those in need.
By 2100, the world ’s youngest population is expected to reach a median age of 49.
More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 83 % ) say that genetic engineering of animals is an appropriate use of medical technology, while a smaller share ( 55 % ) says it is appropriate for the development of human embryos.
Among Hispanic Millennials who speak English very well, the share that speaks English “ very well ” has declined from 94 % in 2006 to 88 % in 2013. But among the very young, less well - educated Hispanics who speak English very well now, the share that speaks English “ very well ” has declined from 74 % in 2006 to 67 % in 2013.
Younger adults are less likely than older adults to say they are following the events of the COVID-19 protests very or fairly closely. Still, at a similar rate to those ages 18 to 29, 54 % of 18- to 29 - year - olds said they were following the news about the candidates very or fairly closely, compared with about a quarter ( 26 % ) of those 30 to 49.
about one - in - ten in each group says they have signed a petition on gun policy ( 12 % of gun rights supporters, 10 % of gun control supporters ).
A majority of Americans ( 55 % ) say they have a great deal or fair amount of confidence in medical scientists
Green cards go to residents who adjust their status rather than to new arrivals. In 2015, 84 % of those who adjusted their status were green cards, compared with 54 % of new arrivals.
most Hispanics say they have “ a lot ” of common values and values in common, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of Hispanic adults.
Fully 61 % of Republicans expect the year ahead to be better than the last, while just 32 % of Democrats expect the party to do better.
Hawaii ’s multiracial population has surpassed the U.S. in its share of the population, with the nation ’s largest multiracial population accounting for just 18 % of the population, according to recently released data from the Census Bureau.
Facebook users are roughly equally divided between those who use the site ( 26 % ) and those who use Twitter ( 25 % ). About half of users of Instagram ( 51 % ) use the site less than once a week, compared with 18 % of users who use Twitter and 11 % of users who use Instagram.
Far more conservative and moderate Democrats say a friend voting for Trump would not have any effect ( 73 % ) than say it would put a strain on the friendship ( 25 % )
Obama ’s job rating of 49 % is better than George W. Bush ’s rating ( 44 % ), but lower than Bill Clinton ’s job measure ( 54 % ).
Many Russians see inherent conflict in their relationship with the West, but few rule out cooperation. According to a recently released Pew Research Center report based on 2015 survey data, overwhelming majorities in Russia believe that their country serves as an important counterbalance to the West ( 85 % ) and that Russian values clash with Western values ( 73 % ).
One - quarter of Puerto Ricans are under the age of 15, and a quarter are 60 or older
Fully 58 % expect Japan to become stronger over the next several years, while just 32 % expect Japan to remain about the same.
Most Russians are not confident in their current leader, but more than eight - in - ten ( 84 % ) say they are confident in him.
75 % say it is more important to control gun ownership, while 49 % say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns.
Overall, 54 % approve of the government ’s collection of phone and internet data, while 42 % disapprove.
Fully 43 % of Americans say they are very likely to watch either live or on television. About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) say they are very likely to watch or follow the debates.
Public views of allowing increased offshore oil and gas drilling shifted noticeably last year. Since last summer, they have shifted again. Currently, 57 % favor allowing more oil and gas drilling in U.S. waters, up 13 points since last June ( 44 % ). Nonetheless, support for expanded offshore drilling remains lower than in February 2010 ( 63 % ).
The share of foreign - born members of Congress remains below its historical highs. The current share of the House and Senate is 61 % of the 114th Congress, while three - quarters ( 77 % ) were born in another country.
Today, 51 % of independents approve of his job performance, compared with 49 % who disapprove. Obama ’s job rating has rebounded from a low of 50 % in the fall of 2011.
In construction jobs, unauthorized immigrants were 15 % of all workers, more than three times their share among all U.S. workers. By contrast, legal immigrants accounted for 12 % of workers in construction, similar to their share among workers overall. Compared with their share of the overall U.S. workforce, unauthorized immigrants had a larger presence in production ( 8 % ), service ( 8 % ) and transportation and material moving ( 6 % ). Meanwhile, the share of legal immigrants in these industries was similar to
Singlehood sets Millennials apart from other generations. In 2014, when they were 18 to 33, only 28 % of Millennials were married. Among Boomers, the share of married singles fell from 69 % in 1980 to 64 % in 2014.
The typical American is patriotic, intelligent and selfish. Just over half of Americans ( 55 % ) say the typical American is also somewhat patriotic, intelligent and selfish.
About seven - in - ten Americans ( 72 % ) say that eating healthy foods is very important for a person ’s chances of a long and healthy life.
Among those who support the death penalty, 90 % say it is morally wrong, while 68 % say it is not a moral issue. Among those who oppose the death penalty, a majority of those who favor the death penalty ( 57 % ) say it is morally wrong, while 49 % say it is morally wrong.
Women are significantly more likely than men to have completed at least a bachelor ’s degree or higher. In 2017, 32 % of women ages 25 to 64 had at least a bachelor ’s degree, compared with 33 % of men. By contrast, 30 % of men ages 25 to 64 had at least a four - year college degree, compared with 23 % of women. A gender gap existed between 1980 and 2017, when 43 % of women had completed at least a bachelor ’s degree, and 23
91 % of blacks and 57 % of Hispanics approve of his job performance.
Overall, 12 % of Americans who are 18 to 29 say they have ever used a dating site or app, compared with 12 % of those who are 35 to 49. Some 32 % of Americans who are 18 to 29 say they have ever used a dating site or app, compared with 11 % of those who are 35 to 49.
As the table below indicates, 45 % of dial - up users get news on the internet at least occasionally, compared with 35 % of dial - up users.
Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 66 % ) say that the government does not do enough for poor people, compared with about four - in - ten Republicans ( 42 % )
In terms of immigration, a much larger share of Italians ( 55 % ) than five Star ( 44 % ) say immigrants are a burden on their country because they take jobs and social benefits.
Mexico and Canada have lost confidence in the U.S. president to do the right thing regarding world affairs.
The average accuracy of the telephone surveys from 2012 to 2016 is about the same as the federal benchmark for the year – 2.8 percentage points. Among adults ages 65 and older, the median accuracy of the estimates was 2.9 points. Among adults ages 18 to 29, the median accuracy of the estimates was 2.9 points. Among adults ages 30 to 64, the median accuracy of the estimates was 2.9 points. Among adults ages 65 and older, the median accuracy of the estimates was 2.9 points.
Large majorities express favorable views of such government agencies as the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( CDC ), NASA and the Defense Department Nearly as many ( 68 % ) have a favorable view of NASA
a 58 % majority say it is very important to build a stronger relationship between the U.S. and China.
By roughly two - to - one ( 66 % to 36 % ), Republicans and Republican leaners give colleges and universities a positive rating.
About half of Salvadoran adults ( 55 % ) identify themselves as Catholic. Roughly two - in - ten ( 22 % ) Salvadoran adults are religiously unaffiliated.
The Democratic Party holds a significant lead over the Republican Party. In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 40 % of registered voters say they identify with the Democratic Party or lean Democratic, while 38 % identify with the GOP.
When asked about specific ways they might prepping for dinner, women are much more likely than men to say they do most of the prep work – preparing meals for a wedding, preparing for a wedding, or shopping for a wedding. Women are much more likely than men to say they do some of the shopping : Roughly three - quarters ( 75 % ) of women say they prepare meals for a wedding, compared with just 19 % of men.
When asked if, in particular, India considers the U.S. a great deal or fair amount of a great deal or fair amount of their interest in the U.S., 83 % say so.
58 % saying that they are keeping the benefits of Social Security and 59 % saying they are not increasing the amount of Social Security benefits.
Gun owners are more likely than non - gun owners to say they have contributed money to an organization that takes a position on gun policy. About a quarter of gun owners ( 28 % ) say they have contributed money to an organization that takes a gun policy position, while 16 % say they have not done so.
The accusations have coincided with a drop in the share of U.S. Catholics who approve of the way the pope is handling the abuse crisis. Just three - in - ten American Catholics ( 31 % ) now say the pontiff is doing a “ good ” ( 18 % ) or “ excellent ” ( 13 % ) job of addressing the sex abuse scandal, according to a new survey from Pew Research Center. This is much lower than the 54 % who gave Francis good or excellent marks in February 2014 (
Americans say they followed news about the new health care law more closely than any other major story last week. Americans continue to say this is the story they are following most closely ( 38 % ).
Views are most optimistic in Jordan. Fully 80 % expect the war in Syria to end sometime in the next five years, including 32 % who think it will end within the year. Syrians living in Jordan are even more hopeful about the war in their homeland ; 64 % expect it will end within the year, 32 % say it will end within the year, 26 % say it will continue for more than five years, and only 10 % think it will continue for more than five years. Roughly two - thirds in
A per capita trade deficit with Germany has surpassed that of the U.S. ( $ 107 per capita ), while the deficit with China is $ 266 per capita.
With the new year fast approaching, the number of monthly active users peaked at 1.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2013, and has continued to climb steadily ever since. The number of monthly active users peaked at 1.2 million in the fourth quarter of 2014, before rising to 1.2 million in the second quarter of 2013.
Drop - off voters were less engaged than consistent voters. About half of consistent voters ( 49 % ) said they were following the election very closely.
On a number of measures, Swedes got the lowest score on the scale of nationalist, anti - immigrant and anti - religious attitudes. At the same time, Italians got the highest score on the scale of nationalist, anti - immigrant and anti - religious attitudes.
Most U.S. adults on Twitter report that they have tweeted about national politics ( 57 % ), while 18 % of those with no tweets related to politics say they have tweeted at least once, and 16 % of those with no tweets say they have posted at least one tweet about national politics ( 57 % ).
About half ( 48 % ) say conditions will be better a year from now than they are today, while nearly as many ( 42 % ) say they will be worse.
There is strong support for U.S. military presence in the Philippines. More than eight - in - ten ( 77 % ) say this is a good thing. And nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) see U.S. military presence in the Philippines as a good thing.
Overall, 41 % say they have quite a lot of confidence in the future of the U.S., while another 30 % say they have some confidence. About three - in - ten ( 28 % ) say they have very little or no confidence at all in the future of the U.S.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) say they are hearing a mix of good and bad news about the economy. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they are hearing mostly bad news. Just 5 % say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
The high school graduation rate for blacks has been steadily increasing, from 9 % in 1995 to 19 % in 2012. Among Hispanics, the share dropping out to 5 % dropped from 7 % in 1995 to 14 % in 2012.
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role in the world today than it did 10 years ago. Still, a larger share of Democrats ( 65 % ) say the U.S. plays a less important and powerful role today than it did 10 years ago ; in April 2018, 65 % of Democrats said this.
According to 2005 data, the share of all legal immigrants who became U.S. citizens rose to 1.3 million in 2005, the highest level in three decades and an 18 percentage point increase since 1990.
About a third ( 35 % ) say they followed news about Obama ’s trip to Asia very closely last week. About a quarter ( 25 % ) say they very closely followed news about the release of a terminally - ill Libyan imprisoned for his role in the bombing of a flight that exploded over Lockerbie in 1988 ; 15 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Meanwhile, about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they followed news about the release very closely.
Nearly two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents who follow Facebook have followers ( 66 % ), compared with just 10 % of those who follow me in the other direction. Among Democrats and Democratic leaners, a nearly identical proportion of Facebook users ( 36 % ) are following the same number of people as usual. Similarly, two - thirds of Facebook users ( 64 % ) are following the same number of people as usual.
Most Catholics ( 84 % ) say that traditional families are acceptable as children. Only about a third ( 35 % ) say they are not acceptable.
By a wide margin ( 58 % to 36 % ), Americans approve of the U.S. missile strikes against Syria in response to reports of the use of chemical weapons. By a comparable margin ( 61 % to 32 % ), the public says that Donald Trump does not have a clear plan for dealing with the situation in Syria.
Satisfaction with the national mood is highest in China ( 72 % ), Jordan ( 69 % ), Pakistan ( 67 % ) and Indonesia ( 58 % ). National satisfaction is highest in Turkey ( 51 % satisfied ), Indonesia ( 51 % ), and Pakistan ( 51 % ).
Just 5 % of web - using U.S. adults have a lot of trust in the information they get from social media.
A plurality of Americans ( 45 % ) say a person is generally more likely to be rich because they have had more advantages in life than others, while far fewer ( 22 % ) say it is because they have had more advantages. About one - in - five ( 18 % ) say a person ’s wealth is more likely to be the result of having more advantages in life than others, while just 12 % say it is because they have had more advantages.
Only, in neighboring Canada does a 53%-majority describe Americans as rude. Interestingly, Americans themselves are more likely to assign that negative characteristic to their fellow countrymen ( 35 % do so ) than are the residents of Great Britain ( 29 % ), the Netherlands ( 26 % ) and Poland ( 21 % ).
51 % of Republicans rate the GOP field positively, while 43 % rate it negatively.
Roughly nine - in - ten U.S. Muslims ( 92 % ) say that they are proud to be an American.
The longstanding gap between black and white turnout rates in presidential elections began narrowing in the late 1990s, as the black voting rate rose and the white rate plateaued and then began to fall. Last year ’s election was the first in which the black voter turnout exceeded that of whites.
In fiscal 2018, the number of federal criminal arrests and prosecutions grew by more than 50 %, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data.
Views of the U.S. have deteriorated over the past decade, but the balance of opinion has remained positive. Nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say they have a favorable opinion of the U.S., compared with just 30 % who say they have an unfavorable view.
While New Zealand ’s social hostilities among the general public have been increasing since the spring, it ’s important to note that while the country ’s social hostilities have been declining since we first began measuring it in 2007, it did tick upwards slightly in 2016. This is likely a result of recent developments in New Zealand ’s social hostilities, which are due in part to derogatory statements made by Winston Peters, leader of the New Zealand First Party, when he said in 2016 that they had been treated unfairly treated unfairly treated
Fully 67 % of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents say the media is unfriendly toward religion, compared with just 17 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
Nearly two - thirds of Democrats ( 64 % ) say their own representative do not want to see their own representative reelected.
About a quarter of newsroom employees who work in New York ( 22 % ) live in the Los Angeles and Boston areas, about the same share as those who work in Los Angeles ( 12 % ).
Almost all girls ( 96 % ) report using GIFs, but only 41 % of boys use Pinterest. Most girls also use Kickstarter ( 81 % ), Instagram ( 71 % ) and Snapchat ( 59 % ). Some 59 % of girls use Kickstarter but just 11 % of boys do.
Americans lean toward the idea of imposing restrictions on the use of renewable energy, a majority ( 54 % ) says this will be the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy, while 38 % think the same will be true of the private marketplace.
Most Americans ( 61 % ) say there is too much inequality in the U.S.
Currently, just 33 % of Americans approve of the job performance of Democratic leaders, while 51 % approve of Republican leaders.
Half of U.S. adults say they have no confidence at all in Xi to do the right thing when it comes to world affairs, while 48 % have confidence in the Chinese leader. Fewer than half of Americans ( 44 % ) have confidence in Xi to do the right thing when it comes to world affairs.
The Indian share of the population who is religiously unaffiliated is projected to rise to 18.4 % from 10 % in 2010.
The California wildfires dominated news coverage last week, but not the public ’s attention. Fully 46 % of the public followed news about the wildfires very closely, down slightly from 38 % the previous week and 12 % the week before that. The wildfires were the public ’s top story last week, as 40 % followed news about the situation in Iraq very closely and 12 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its coverage to the story.
Unemployment declined from above 7 % at the time he took office to 5.5 % by the end of 1989.
The new survey finds that the majority of women expects the economy to be better off in 2008 than they were in 2007. Among women, by contrast, 50 % predicted the economy would be worse off, and 46 % said it would be even worse. Among men, the pattern is the reverse : 47 % predicted the economy would be about the same as it was in 2007, and 47 % said it would be worse.
The cell phone sample weight was 43 % smaller than the full sample weight.
Adventure, shooter, role - playing, team sport or racing and simulation games are all somewhat less commonly played, with about half of video game players or fewer saying they typically play these types of games.
Majorities in all 10 EU countries surveyed have a favorable opinion of the EU, with the exception of Greece. Majorities in all 10 countries surveyed express a favorable view of the EU, with the exception of Spain, Germany, France and Italy.
About a quarter of social media users – 26 % – say they follow science pages or accounts
Fully 85 % of Hispanic parents say children are better off when a parent stays home to focus on the family, while only 24 % say they are just as well off when both parents work outside the home.
A wide majority of the public ( 89 % ) says that a strong democracy is very important to live in a country with free speech, a free press and freedom on the internet.
Drop - off voters were more likely than consistent voters to say they were following the election very closely. About half of drop - off voters ( 49 % ) said they were following the election very closely, compared with 28 % of consistent voters.
In 2015, 15 % of whites had used ride - hailing services, compared with 14 % of Hispanics and 14 % of blacks.
Two - thirds of Muslims in the United States are Democrats ( 66 % ).
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are far more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say fathers should be able to take paternity leave, pay adoption or unpaid, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. About seven - in - ten Republicans ( 71 % ) say fathers should be able to take paternity leave, pay adoption or unpaid, and say fathers should be able to take paternity leave.
There are 1.45 million Arabs in the U.S.. There are 1.95 million Arabs living in the country.
About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) Mexicans say drug traffickers are a very big problem. Large majorities describe corruption ( 72 % ) and corrupt political leaders ( 69 % ) as very big problems.
The high school graduation gap in the U.S. is narrowing. Just 33 % of whites have a high school diploma or less, and 21 % of Hispanics have one
Among scientists, the public is closely divided over the future of their specialty : 45 % of AAAS scientists say this is a good time for their field, while 44 % say it is a bad time
Only 6 % of Americans say they are satisfied with their lives, while 7 % say they are dissatisfied.
Fully 75 % of Democrats with college degrees say that there is solid evidence of global warming and that it is caused by human activities. This is far higher than among Democrats with less education among whom 52 % say the same.
Half of male Facebook users ( 50 % ) say they spend more time using the site, compared with 30 % of female Facebook users.
Just a third of Americans ( 32 % ) now say they believe in God with absolute certainty, down from 71 % in 2007.
California ’s Hispanic share of the nation ’s population has fallen dramatically since 2007. Before then, the Hispanic share of California ’s population has declined dramatically. Before then, the Hispanic share of California ’s population has declined.
In the 16 countries with lower human development scores, fewer people say their day has been particularly good. In the seven countries surveyed, a median of 70 % say their day has been particularly good.
Overall, 57 % of teens say they are worried about the possibility of a shooting happening at their school, with one - in - four saying they are very worried. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they are not too worried about this, and just 13 % say they are not at all worried. Nonwhite teens express a higher level of concern than their white peers. Roughly two - thirds ( 64 % ) of nonwhite teens, including 73 % of Hispanics
The U.S. foreign - born population includes an estimated 34 million lawful immigrants.
About one - in - five Americans ( 21 % ) report they use a smart watch or fitness tracker, compared with 7 % of Americans who say they do not own a watch
Six - in - ten adults say the public K-12 education system has a lot of responsibility in making sure the U.S. workforce has the right skills and education to be successful in today ’s economy, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2016 The only entity or institution that more people say has a lot of responsibility is “ individuals themselves, ” cited by 72 % of adults. Americans express a bit more ambivalence toward the role of colleges and universities in workforce preparation, with around half of adults ( 52 % ) saying
When asked whether the government should focus more on prosecuting drug traffickers, 26 % said the government should focus more on prosecuting drug traffickers, while 26 % said the government should focus more on providing treatment for racial and ethnic problems.
Over half of Latin American and European Catholics ( 54 % ) have a favorable view of the pontiff. Only 11 % see the pope unfavorably, and 14 % give no rating.
In 2015, the Middle East had the highest score on the Government Restrictions Index, at 3.2.
More than eight - in - ten Americans ( 83 % ) say the spread of the coronavirus is a major threat.
Overall, Israelis have an extremely negative opinion of Netanyahu ( 71 % unfavorable ) ; 27 % have an unfavorable view. However, Jordanians are more divided in their assessments of Netanyahu than the Palestinians ( 49 % favorable vs. 48 % unfavorable ).
European publics also gave their approval for their country ’s handling of the coronavirus outbreak. Across the eight EU countries surveyed between June and August 2020, a median of 61 % approved of the EU ’s response. Similarly, a median of 61 % approved of the EU ’s response.
Democrats are now more likely than Republicans to sympathize more with Israel ( 33 % vs. 11 % ).
Half of the British public say they want to remain in the EU, while only 49 % say they want to go.
Nearly nine - in - ten ( 93 % ) Hispanics ages 18 to 29 were born in the U.S. In 2011, Hispanics ages 30 to 49 ( 93 % ) were born in the U.S. By 2011, Hispanics ages 50 to 64 were by far the most likely to be born in the U.S.
The public continued to track a number of economic policy developments very closely last week. Last week, 42 % of Americans followed news about the nation ’s struggling economy very closely, and 25 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the economy.
About half ( 49 % ) say Obama should limit his involvement in the Palestinian conflict with Israel, while nearly as many ( 48 % ) say he should play a smaller role.
More than two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about the eruption of the Xi Jinping volcano very closely ; this was the most closely followed story for 10 % of the public.
By nearly two - to - one ( 68 % to 23 % ), Republicans view the wall as a major reduction from the border wall. By contrast, just 18 % of Democrats say the wall would not have much impact.
Roughly four - in - ten ( 41 % ) of those ages 18 to 29 say they have ordered food online or through an app, according to a survey conducted by the Pew Research Center in April. People ages 30 to 49 are more likely than those 50 and older to say they have ordered food online or through an app ( 32 % vs. 22 % ).
Just 16 % say they followed news about immigration very closely, while 13 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
About two - thirds of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 65 % ) say they agree with or disagree with the Tea Party.
Today, about half of Americans ( 49 % ) say Russia is a serious problem, up from 26 % in April.
A majority ( 57 % ) of Americans favor re - establishing diplomatic relations with Cuba, while 28 % oppose an end to the trade embargo.
The ranks of both Irish and Scotch - Irish Americans have shifted in the past two - and - a - half decades, and the trend does not appear likely to reverse Two decades ago, in 1980, 17 % of Americans said they were of Irish descent, and 21 % said they were of Scotch - Irish descent.
About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) Hispanics said they were following news about immigration very closely, and 13 % said this about the Mexican government ’s crackdown on protesters outside of school. About one - in - ten ( 13 % ) said the immigration policy debate was the story they followed most closely.
Most Americans ( 69 % ) say that the economy is recovering, but not very strongly. Two - thirds ( 67 % ) say the economy is n’t recovering at all, while 13 % say it is n’t recovering at all.
The 10 % of highly active Twitter users who do not have a Twitter account are responsible for 80 % of all tweets created by U.S. adults.
In 2014, 74 % of Chinese said crime was a “ very big problem ” growing, up from just 38 % in 2007.
In a recent Pew Research Center survey, 58 % of Democrats said they would use force to defend an Asian ally if embroiled in an armed conflict with China. But just 27 % of Republicans said they would not use force.
In Turkey, nearly six - in - ten ( 58 % ) say there is a conflict between being a Muslim and living in a modern society. In Turkey, 64 % say there is a conflict, while in Turkey, 64 % say there is no conflict.
The president ’s overall approval ratings slid over time to historic lows.
two - thirds of Democrats ( 68 % ) say too many are easily offended by language today ; just 21 % of Republicans say this.
About a fifth of adults ( 22 % ) display consistently trustful attitudes on these questions
Indians have become one of the most powerful nations in the world. More than four - in - ten ( 39 % ) believe India will emerge from the current crisis to become a world leader.
More than a quarter of Americans ( 28 % ) paid very close attention to the debate in Washington over federal spending last week and 16 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the war in Iraq.
The Chinese ( 86 % ), Vietnamese ( 87 % ) and Germans ( 85 % ) feel their economy is doing poorly.
46 % say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, while 44 % say it should be illegal in all or most cases.
The Obama administration deported a record 438,421 unauthorized immigrants in fiscal year 2013, continuing a streak of stepped up enforcement that has resulted in more than 2 million deportations since Obama took office.
Nearly all Jews ( 98 % ) who were born in the former Soviet Union are religiously unaffiliated, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. Indeed, nearly six - in - ten ( 63 % ) Jews in the former Soviet Union say they believe in God always, even as they age. About four - in - ten ( 43 % ) former Soviet Jews say they believe in God always.
About eight - in - ten blacks ( 81 % ) say they have experienced discrimination or been treated unfairly because of their race or ethnicity.
Three - quarters of liberal Democrats and Democratic leaners say the pre - emptive use of military force can rarely or never be justified
Most Russians say their country is playing an increasingly important role in the world today compared with 10 years ago. About seven - in - ten ( 72 % ) say that today, Russia plays a less important role than it did 10 years ago.
divorce is much more common among those who have been married multiple times or for fewer than 10 years. For example, among those who have been married multiple times or for fewer than 10 years, the divorce rate is 41 %. For those who have been married multiple times or for fewer than 10 years, the divorce rate is 41 %. For those who have been married multiple times or for fewer than 10 years, the divorce rate is 41 %. For those who have been married multiple times or more than 10 years, they are divorced multiple
Just over two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed the debate over health care reform very closely, while 7 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story. About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they followed the debate over health care reform very closely, while 3 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
In 2015, 9.5 % of black undergraduate students enrolled at a historically black college or university in 2015, up from 9.5 % in 1980, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
The latest survey by the Pew Research Center finds that 38 % of the public uses a peer - to - peer service, compared with 28 % who use a Pew Research Center.
29 % cite Ellen DeGener and 22 % say she is the first person to ever name a gay or lesbian.
The Pew Research Center survey shows declining favorability for the Supreme Court 52 % say they have a favorable opinion of the nation ’s top court, down from 58 % in 2010 and the previous low of 58 % in 2005 and 2007. About three - in - ten ( 29 % ) say they have an unfavorable view, which approaches the high reached in 2005 ( 30 % ).
Fully 57 % of Democratic voters say they would prefer a candidate who compromises with the other party, while just 35 % would prefer a candidate who stays with the other party.
In 1994, more than four - in - ten couples ( 44 % ) had been married to someone of a different race or ethnicity, and more than six - in - ten ( 61 % ) had been married to someone of a different race or ethnicity.
The vast majority of vice presidential nominees have had significant government experience.
In 2015, 67 % of Filipinos wanted to build a strong economic relationship with China, while 41 % said it is more important to be tough on territorial disputes.
A 2012 survey found that 66 % of Americans approved of the Supreme Court ’s ruling that no state or local government may require the reading of the Lord ’s Prayer or Bible in public schools.
Nearly nine - in - ten Americans ( 87 % ) say they trust medical scientists to give full and accurate information about the health risks and benefits of the childhood vaccine
By 81 % to 23 %, more Americans say they favor making private gun sales and sales at gun shows subject to background checks than say they are not too or not at all likely to pass the gun legislation.
About half ( 51 % ) of blacks say they think Obama will go down in history as an above average or outstanding president, while 26 % expect he will be viewed as average, and about as many ( 26 % ) say he ’ll be seen as a below average or poor president. Roughly two - in - ten Hispanics ( 21 % ) say he ’ll be seen as average, and about as many ( 21 % ) say he will be seen as average.
Nearly seven - in - ten Chinese ( 69 % ) believe that the influence of foreigners on their way of life is a bad influence on their way of life ; only 17 % say this is good. And only 17 % of Chinese believe that the influence of foreigners on their way of life is bad.
Hispanic teens are also more likely than teens to say it is necessary to believe in God to be moral and have good values ( 61 % vs. 38 % ).
74 % agree with the statement “ Occasional acts ” should be part of life ’s everyday life ; 75 % disapprove of such an act.
Fully 35 % of Americans paid very close attention to reports about the condition of the economy and 35 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the economy.
Hondurans are at a median income of $ 41,500, well above the $ 29,000 of all U.S. mothers.
Roughly half of rural residents ( 49 % ) say they know most or most of their neighbors, compared with 41 % of urban residents.
During the Trump administration, the top countries of origin for refugees have been the Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 3,235 ), followed by Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 2,470 ), Iraq ( 1,923 ), Somalia ( 1,879 ), Syria ( 1,779 ) and Ukraine ( 1,603 ). These six countries have made up two - thirds ( 67 % ) of all refugees entering the U.S.
Currently, 46 % say they are hearing mostly bad news about the economy, edging up from 37 % in June but 10 points higher than in June ( 31 % ). Over the past two months, the proportion reporting they are hearing a mix of good and bad news has fallen from 64 % to 46 %. Very few Americans ( 3 % currently ) continue to say they are hearing mostly good news about the economy.
Overall, the public has mixed views about U.S. efforts to solve world problems : About equal shares say U.S. does too little ( 33 % ), too much ( 33 % ) and about the right amount ( 29 % ) to solve world problems. About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say U.S. does too little ( 33 % ).
Hispanics backed Barack Obama by a margin of more than two - to - one in the 2012 presidential election, 71 % voted for him, compared with only 27 % of Hispanic men.
The aging trend is evident across all age groups. Republican voters are overwhelmingly 50 and older, and half of Republican voters are 50 and older.
Majorities in all but one of nine Muslim nations polled say they have a favorable opinion of Rouhani, including roughly eight - in - ten in Israel ( 92 % ) and Jordan ( 92 % ). In no other country do a majority express a positive view of Rouhani, including in Israel ( 92 % ) and Turkey ( 92 % ).
Solid majorities in Egypt ( 61 % ) and Jordan ( 59 % ) have a favorable view of Iran, while only 23 % have an unfavorable view. Similarly, roughly half in Egypt ( 46 % ) and Jordan ( 46 % ) have an unfavorable view of the Islamic Republic.
Among those who say gun laws should be stricter than they are today, 44 % say they have ever approached a public official about gun policy, including 15 % who say gun policy should be less strict
The public is divided over whether the U.S. should bring its troops home as soon as possible ( 46 % ) or keep troops in Iraq until the situation has stabilized ( 46 % ).
In terms of specific platforms, YouTube and Facebook are the most widely used online platforms among U.S. adults, with roughly seven - in - ten Americans saying they use each site.
7 % of Americans report that they have ever lost their jobs or had their pay reduced By comparison, around one - third of Americans in the U.S. ( 34 % ) report that they have ever had a job that was replaced by a machine or computer program.
Between 2000 and 2010, the number of Mexican - American immigrants grew 4.7 million, from 4.2 million to 4.7 million.
In 2015, Somalia had moved into the United States as the world ’s largest non - Somali refugee nation.
Nearly half of Americans ( 47 % ) say these changes will occur mostly within the next 50 years, while 18 % say they will not happen.
Eight - in - ten Muslims in the U.S. say they fast during Ramadan, according to a new Pew Research Center survey. About three - quarters of Muslims in the U.S. ( 77 % ) say they fast during Ramadan, while roughly three - quarters of Americans ( 77 % ) say they do not fast at all.
Americans broadly found it acceptable for the government to monitor certain people, but not U.S. citizens, according to the 2014 - 15 survey. About eight - in - ten adults ( 82 % ) said it was acceptable for the government to monitor communications of suspected terrorists, and equal majorities said it was acceptable to monitor communications of American leaders and foreign leaders ( 60 % each ). But 57 % of Americans said it was unacceptable for the government to monitor the communications of U.S. citizens.
The U.S. is the only country in which fewer than six - in - ten adults were in the middle class. The middle class is a significant presence in the Western European countries. Middle - class shares ranged from 64 % in Spain to 80 % in Denmark and Norway in 2010.
Public interest in the 2008 presidential campaign remained steady last week. Despite the absence of major campaign events or debates, 28 % of the public followed campaign news very closely and 13 % listed this as their top story. The media devoted 7 % of its overall coverage to the campaign
The gender gap in support for Clinton has narrowed in recent years. Currently, 62 % of Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters say there is a good chance they would vote for Clinton, while 34 % of Republican voters say the same.
The number of refugees entering the U.S. each fiscal year has fluctuated, fluctuating only between 1 and 5 million, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. State Department data. Religiously unaffiliated refugees account for about 11 % of all refugees admitted to the U.S. since 2002.
In 2012, about four - in - ten adults ( 41 % ) were married, compared with 4 % of adults in 2010.
About six - in - ten multiracial adults ( 59 % ) said their more openness to people of different races and ethnicities made them feel more accepting of others, compared with about three - in - ten whites ( 29 % ) and Hispanics ( 29 % ).
Roughly two - thirds ( 68 % ) of crowdfunding donors have contributed to a project to help a person facing a hardship or financial challenge, and around six - in - ten say they did so on behalf of an acquaintance, close friend or family member.
Republicans ’ views of the tax law remain relatively stable : 75 % approve strongly of the law, compared with 59 % who disapprove. Majorities of Republicans ( 71 % ) and Democrats ( 59 % ) also approve of the law.
The 2012 presidential campaign was the top story last week, closely followed by news about the economy. About a quarter ( 25 % ) say they followed news about the candidates for president most closely. The presidential campaign was by far the most covered story, accounting for 42 % of the newshole
About seven - in - ten black ( 69 % ) adults say race or ethnicity comes up in conversations with family and friends, and about three - in - ten Hispanic ( 29 % ) say the same
About six - in - ten Americans ( 59 % ) say the country has n’t gone far enough when it comes to gender equality
The Democratic Party is favored on nearly every issue tested. About seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) Democrats say the Democratic Party can do a better job on deficit management, while 41 % say the GOP.
Fully 76 % of Hispanic registered voters say they have a favorable view of him, compared with just 24 % who view him unfavorably. Among Hispanic voters, Clinton registers the lowest favorability rating of any politician.
In Turkey, as many as 31 % say they are very concerned about the future of Muslims in their country.
Around two - thirds of Americans ( 66 % ) say the primary reason there are increasing cases of COVID-19 is that new cases are being tested more than just because of new cases. More than half ( 60 % ) say this is primarily because of new cases being tested more than because of new cases
When asked about eight specific issues affecting the U.S.-China relationship, majorities of Americans rank all eight as at least a somewhat serious problem, with roughly six - in - ten citing the large amount of U.S. debt held by China ( 59 % ) and cyberattacks as very serious problems ( 55 % ).
Catholics are declining as a share of the church. The share of Hispanic adults who identify as Catholic has dropped from 62 % in 2010 to 58 % in 2013.
Among people in the Asia - Pacific region, a median of 41 % say economic ties are good with both the U.S. and China, while 41 % voice the view that economic ties are bad. People in South Korea are particularly likely to say economic ties with the U.S. are bad ( 77 % ), while those in the South are more positive ( 41 % ).
In 2019, violent and property crime rates fell 1.4 %, compared with 1.4 % in 1993.
Asians account for the largest share of all U.S. immigrant eligible voters in California, and they account for 49 % of all U.S. citizens.
Nearly all internet users in India ( 97 % ) have a smartphone.
Today, al Qaeda is widely reviled, with a median of 57 % across the 11 Muslims publics surveyed saying they have an unfavorable opinion. The Taliban, are viewed negatively by a median of 51 % of Muslims in the countries polled.
While counties in rural counties had the highest rate of fatalities per 100,000 people in 2016, they also had the highest rate of overdoses per 100,000 people in suburban counties, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of data from the National Center for Health Statistics.
Overall, about six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say they think Republicans and Democrats in Washington will bicker and oppose one another more than usual this year.
Among Republicans, Israel is the most important foreign policy partner for many Americans, but Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to name the UK ( 23 % vs. 14 % ).
The share of liberal Democrats in the public has steadily increased since 2000. In 2000, 33.3 % of Millennials were liberal, up from 31 % in 2000 and just 17 % in 2000.
Only 16 % of Turks have a favorable view of the U.S.
In this Pew survey, majorities in seven of eight nations believe the U.S. may someday threaten their country — including 71 % in Turkey and 58 % in Lebanon.
Obama ’s early second term approval was very similar to George W. Bush ’s approval shortly after he was re - elected in 2012.
Americans are divided over fact - checking efforts by news outlets and other organizations. Half of U.S. adults said in an early 2019 survey that fact - checking efforts by these organizations deal fairly with all sides, while 48 % said they tend to favor one side.
in Lebanon, 65 % of internet users say they use the internet “ occasionally, ” compared with about half in Spain ( 48 % ), Germany ( 53 % ) and Sweden ( 46 % ).
Currently, 42 % say there is solid evidence the earth is getting warmer, up 17 points since last year and 37 points since last year, according to a nationally representative survey by the Pew Research Center. Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) say that the rise in the earth ’s temperature is mostly caused by human activity. Two - thirds ( 67 % ) say the warming is mostly caused by human activity. Two - thirds ( 67 % ) say the warming is mostly caused by human
Millennials are considerably more liberal than other generations : About four - in - ten Millennials ( 42 % ) consistently or consistently liberal in their views, compared with 22 % of Generation Xers, 22 % of Baby Boomers and 13 % of those in the Silent Generation. While ideologically mixed views of Gen Xers are widespread, they are more closely divided along partisan lines : 43 % are consistently liberal and 46 % are mostly conservative.
In a 2013 Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data, the share of whites in the U.S.—36%—is nearly three times that of whites in 1980, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data.
The growth of the Latino vote continued to lag well behind the growth of the Latino population. This widening gap is driven by two key demographic trends : a high percentage of the new Hispanics in the population are either too young to vote or ineligible because they are not citizens ( Figure 1 ). About 5.6 million Hispanics voted in the 2006 mid - term election, which historically draws far fewer voters than the quadrennial race for president. Latinos accounted for 5.8 % of the total electorate
A majority of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 57 % ) say that the U.S. has less respect than it has in the past, while just 28 % say it is more important.
Nearly half of Russians ( 47 % ) favor reuniting Ukraine and Russia into a single state.
Knowledge of QAnon grew on both sides of the political aisle, though Democrats with high levels of political knowledge are significantly more likely than those with low levels of political knowledge to say they have heard of the conspiracy theories. Those with high levels of political knowledge are also more likely than those with low levels of political knowledge to say they have heard of the conspiracy theories.
positive views of Russia range from 81 % in Turkey to 79 % in Turkey
A majority of Americans say politicians ( 84 % ) and the wealthy ( 62 % ) have too much power and influence in the U.S. economy. A smaller majority ( 73 % ) say these groups have about the right amount of power and influence.
Among three - quarters of Americans ( 74 % ) say they are comfortable going to the grocery store, while about four - in - ten ( 42 % ) say they are not comfortable attending an event or meeting.
A majority of Americans ( 55 % ) consider Iran a very or somewhat serious threat to the country. Fewer ( 40 % ) consider Iran a very or somewhat serious threat.
The vast majority of United Methodists in the U.S. ( 59 % ) say homosexuality should be accepted by society, and just 32 % say it should be discouraged
Overall, about half of Americans ( 54 % ) continue to say they are angry or frustrated with the government, while roughly as many ( 54 % ) say they are basically content
Only a minority of Russians say that homosexuality is morally unacceptable. In a 2013 Pew Research Center survey, 72 % of Russians said that homosexuality is morally acceptable.
There is no consensus on the value of influence in world affairs. A median of 70 % believe China plays a more important role in the world today than it did 10 years ago, while 31 % believe it does not.
Just 20 % of the public is satisfied with the way things are going in Japan. 72 % are dissatisfied with the way things are going in Japan.
In 2004, just 30 % of the nation ’s young people ages 18 to 29 voted. Turnout among those 30 and older was 7 %, compared with 6 % in 2004.
The share of Americans saying that the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power has declined from 50 % in March to 49 % today. However, the share of Americans saying the U.S. is the world ’s leading economic power has risen from 36 % in March to 35 % today.
Post - election, there has been a sharp rise in the share of Republicans and Republican leaners who say it would be too risky to give presidents more power to deal directly with the country ’s problems. But there has been no significant increase in the share of Democrats and Democratic leaners who say this ( 87 % ).
Across the eight quarters of 2004 and 2007, the average monthly increase in the Mexican immigrant population averaged 335,000 persons. In the first quarter of 2007 the monthly growth dropped to 288,000 persons.
Black Democrats are much more likely than white or Hispanic Democrats to say belief in God is necessary for morality. More than eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 89 % ) say belief in God is a necessary condition for morality, compared with 44 % of white and Hispanic Democrats.
Some 15 % of flagged - inactive cellphone numbers were false positives, compared with 6 % of false negatives.
The presidential campaign was the public ’s top story last week, closely followed by news about the economy. About a quarter ( 24 % ) say they followed news about the candidates for president most closely. The presidential campaign was by far the most covered story, accounting for 19 % of the newshole
By a nearly two - to - one margin ( 61 % to 29 % ), Republicans and Republican leaners favor building the pipeline, while nearly six - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 61 % to 29 % ) are opposed.
Majorities in most countries across the region are upbeat about free markets, with similar levels of support among young and old, according to a new Pew Research Center survey of adults in 18 Central and Eastern European countries.
When asked how India has made progress on the economy over the past five years, majorities say that the country has made progress on most of the issues facing the country. For instance, about two - thirds ( 65 % ) say the country has made progress on the economy over the past five years, while just 28 % say it has made progress on some issues. But most also note that the country has made progress on a number of issues, including the issue of unemployment, gender equality and terrorism.
Among cable channels, CNN ’s annual revenue was $ 5.17 billion, up from $ 5.17 billion in 2010.
Publics in both Latin America and Africa are about twice as likely as those in lower - income countries to say the rich are too powerful to have influence in their political system ( 61 % vs. 17 % ).
The religiously unaffiliated overwhelmingly support legal abortion. Roughly three - quarters ( 77 % ) of white evangelical Protestants say abortion should be legal in all or most cases, compared with just 20 % who say it should be illegal.
There were 7.9 deaths per 100,000 people in 2010, the most recent year for which statistics are available.
Currently, 52 % say the United States “ should mind its own business internationally and let other countries get along the best they can on their own. ”
Among adults who live in rural areas, 46 % say they own a gun, compared with 28 % of adults who live in the suburbs and even fewer – 19 % – in urban areas
71 % of the public said that undocumented immigrants who meet certain requirements should be allowed to stay in the U.S. legally
Just 11 % of U.S. adults think big political donors do not have more influence over the country. Nearly half ( 47 % ) say this is the case, compared with 43 % who say big donors do not have as much influence.
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are now more likely than Democrats and Democratic leaners to say ISIS poses a major threat to the well - being of the United States ( 79 % vs. 56 % ).
Russian opinions of the U.S. and China have turned dramatically negative in 2015, when 79 % of Russians had a favorable view of the U.S., and 61 % had an unfavorable view.
Younger adults are more likely than older adults to be unemployed ( 4.1 % vs. 4.1 % ).
In terms of specific platforms, YouTube and Facebook had long been the most widely used online platforms among U.S. adults, but in 2019 it had gained a significant share among both groups, according to a Pew Research Center survey.
The public expresses broadest support for increased federal spending on veterans benefits. Overall, 72 % say that, if they were making a difference, they would increase spending on veterans benefits and services ; 21 % say they would keep spending the same, while just 3 % would decrease spending.
Puerto Rico ’s population began declining in 2010 and has continued every year through 2014, while the number of people from Puerto Rico to the U.S. has shifted dramatically. Between 2005 and 2014, the island ’s population loss has accelerated, with the increase in the number of people from Puerto Rico to the U.S., and the rapid growth in the number of refugees from Puerto Rico accounted for the majority of the island ’s population loss.
a majority of YouTube users ( 48 % ) say they frequently or sometimes see videos on the site that seem to be false or incorrect, while a slightly smaller share ( 32 % ) say these videos are often or sometimes misleading.
Overall, about six - in - ten Americans ( 61 % ) say it is a good thing that more women are running for Congress this year. Women are much more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to say this ( 83 % vs. 38 % ).
The share of Americans who say legal immigration into the U.S. should be decreased has fallen 15 percentage points since June 2016, from 53 % to 29 %. The share who say legal immigration should be decreased has fallen 10 points since June 2016, from 53 % to 39 %.
While a 53 % majority in this same poll favored the government doing a lot to reduce poverty, just 43 % said the government should do a lot to reduce the gap between rich people and everyone else
Roughly one - third of Americans ( 35 % ) want more cooperation with the UK, while nearly twice as many Germans ( 69 % ) want the same
The Hispanic share of voters in the 2014 midterms has fallen sharply, falling from 57 % in 2006 to 58 % in 2014.
About six - in - ten Hispanic Catholics ( 61 % ) are of Mexican origin. Most Hispanic Catholics are of Mexican origin. Only about one - in - ten are of Mexican origin.
Some 44 % of Americans are very confident these companies will make a profit in their space - related ventures, with 36 % saying they are fairly confident that space companies will be profitable
Among non - Muslims respondents, significant shares gave negative marks to Muslims ( 64 % ), their environment ( 67 % ) and religion ( 68 % ). About a third ( 32 % ) said Muslims are arrogant, violent and dangerous.
Among the Silent generation ( those ages 69 to 86 in 2014 ), 44 % are non - Hispanic white, while 21 % are black. Among the Silent generation ( ages 69 to 86 in 2014 ), just 21 % are Hispanic, while 13 % are black.
Between 1992 and 2012, total participation in the labor force reached a new high of 27.3 %, reaching 2.2 % by 2022, according to a new Pew Research Center analysis of data from the U.S. Department of Labor Statistics.
Two - thirds of Americans ( 65 % ) said they would not have used the atomic bomb in Japan if they had the opportunity. Today, 70 % say they would have used the nuclear weapon in the first place, while 24 % say they would have used the nuclear weapon in the first place.
Americans followed news about the nation ’s economy more closely than any other news last week amid new signs the pace of the recovery has slowed. A quarter of the public ( 24 % ) says the economy was the story they followed most closely last week, while 13 % say they followed news about the government shutdown most closely. Another 13 % say they followed news about the economy most closely, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted April 7 - 10 by the Pew Research Center.
Democrats are more likely than Republicans to think the country will have less influence in world affairs after the pandemic. About six - in - ten Democrats ( 61 % ) say this, compared with just 31 % of Republicans.
81 % say corrupt officials are a major problem.
Among the public, six - in - ten ( 61 % ) say the country should allow unauthorized immigrants to stay in the U.S. legally. Only about a third ( 33 % ) say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally.
Only a minority of Americans say that almost all ( 14 % ) or more than half ( 28 % ) of scientists agree that GM foods are safe to eat.
In Iraq, no less than 70 % of the public believes that the war in Iraq has made the world a worse place to live.
There were 851,508 apprehensions in the 2017 fiscal year. Still, far more were apprehensions in the fall than in any other year. Last fiscal year, the Border Patrol made the least apprehensions on record, accounting for 93 % of the total.
It ’s important to note that while the share of college - educated immigrants in the U.S. trails those of some other countries, the U.S. is home to the largest number of college - educated immigrants in the world. As of 2015, the U.S. had some 14.7 million immigrants ages 25 and older with a postsecondary diploma or college degree. This is more than three times the number in Canada ( 4.4 million ) and about four times as many as the UK ( 3.4 million ). Other countries with high numbers of
In December 2006, just 33 % of the public said that the U.S. military effort in Iraq will be mostly a civil war ; by December 2006, it had risen to 52 %.
57 % say choosing the next Supreme Court should be very important to them personally, while 34 % say it is very important to them personally.
Roughly half of all voters ( 51 % ) say they are following news about the coronavirus outbreak very closely, compared with 28 % who say they are following news about the presidential candidates very closely.
more say it will be necessary for the president and Congress to pass an additional economic assistance package for Latinos. About three - quarters of Latinos ( 78 % ) say this will be necessary, while 71 % say it will not be necessary.
The share of U.S. unauthorized immigrants who have been in the country less than 10 years has risen, from 6 % in 2007 to 36 % in 2017.
An overwhelming majority of Republicans ( 79 % ) now view the Fed favorably
Women are more likely than men to have the option to work remotely ( 62 % vs. 40 % ).
A Pew Research Center survey conducted in January 2018 found that 45 % of Americans said they had confidence in the military to act in the best interests of the public.
In 2018, turnout rates among Asian naturalized citizens were 44.2 %, higher than the 44.2 % turnout rate for U.S.-born Asians. Among Hispanics, naturalized - citizen turnout was 44.2 %, higher than the 44.2 % turnout rate for U.S.-born Hispanics.
More than four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they heard a lot about the hijacking of a U.S. cargo ship by Somali pirates ; 40 % say they heard nothing at all.
those ages 18 - 24 stand out even compared with those just a few years older
The publics in many of the nations polled say the government should be able to prevent terrorist attacks, while the number of those accused of misconduct falls to 81 %. At the same time, the number of Americans saying that the government should be able to prevent terrorist attacks fell sharply, from 73 % to 62 %.
57 % of undecided voters say they have no opinion of either candidate. Voters who have a favorable or unfavorable view of the 2012 presidential candidates are as divided as those who have a favorable view of either candidate ( 31 % vs. 25 % ).
The midterm election campaign topped the public ’s news interest last week. 48 % say they followed news about the condition of the economy most closely, while 22 % say they followed news about the presidential candidates most closely.
In 2008, just 37 % expressed a favorable view of the federal government.
nearly two - thirds of Republicans ( 64 % ) approve of the way the Obama administration is handling the situation in Ukraine. A large majority of Democrats ( 67 % ) also disapprove of the way the Obama administration is handling the situation in Ukraine.
People in emerging and developing nations are quickly catching up to those in advanced nations in terms of access to technology. About half of adults across the emerging and developing economies surveyed say that they use the internet. While many people are not yet experiencing the technology revolution, it also means most people in these countries now use the internet. Among the countries surveyed in both 2013 and 2015, a median of only 45 % had access in 2013, but that number had risen to 54 % by 2015.
Half ( 48 % ) of Latino adults said that their children will be better off than themselves, while 48 % said they will be worse off.
About a third of 18- to 34 - year - olds are living with their parents, up from just 6 % in 1960, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of census data.
Large majorities of Millennials ( 73 % ), Gen Xers ( 73 % ) and Millennials ( 71 % ) express a positive view of colleges and universities in the U.S., while 59 % of Gen Xers say the same.
Knowledge of QAnon grew on both sides of the political aisle, though Democrats ’ awareness continues to outpace that of Republicans. As of September, more than half ( 55 % ) of Democrats and those who lean Democratic say they have heard at least a little about the conspiracy theories, compared with 39 % of Republicans.
More Americans say the media ’s coverage of the health care debate has been mostly about politics and controversies ( 56 % ) than about the impact of the law ( 33 % ).
Among veterans, 64 % say the government has n’t given them enough help, while 30 % say it should have given them more help.
Nearly four - in - ten U.S. intermarried couples include a Hispanic woman and a white spouse, a share that has not changed significantly in recent years. One - in - ten newlyweds who were married to someone of a different race or ethnicity were married to someone of a different race or ethnicity in 2015.
Currently, 51 % of Democratic voters say they have given a lot of thought to the presidential candidates, compared with 27 % of Republican voters.
Nearly two - thirds of the U.S. Hindus ( 65 % ) have the highest average year of formal schooling, followed by Buddhists ( 13 % ), the religiously unaffiliated – also known as “ nones ” ( 13 % ) – and Muslims ( 13 % )
American Life Project has found that cell phone ownership among adults has exceeded 90 %. Cell phones are now being used by 91 % of adults, according to the survey conducted between April 17 and May 19.
About as many say they have a favorable view ( 31 % ) as an unfavorable opinion ( 28 % ) of Netanyahu ; 41 % express no opinion of Israel ’s prime minister.yearyear AboutAbout
Puerto Rico ’s population has declined by roughly 400,000 people since 2004. The island ’s population stood at 3.4 million in 2016, about three times the number in 2004 ( 3.6 million ).
Overall, 42 % of Americans say the government has not gone far enough in regulating financial institutions and institutions, while nearly as many ( 42 % ) say the government has not gone far enough in regulating financial institutions. About half of Democrats ( 49 % ) say the government has not gone far enough in regulating financial institutions, while far fewer Republicans ( 29 % ) say the government has not gone far enough in regulating financial institutions.
Overall, 48 % say that coexisting with Israel and Palestine can be found peacefully, while 43 % think Israel and Palestine can coexist peacefully.
Overall, 36 % of men said that they prefer working in a separate firm workplace where there are more women ( 32 % ) than men ( 40 % )
About half of college - educated adults ( 43 % ) say they have undergone some form of fertility treatment to try to have a baby. Another 23 % say they know someone who has had some experience with fertility treatment.
There were 5.9 million unauthorized immigrants living in the U.S. in 2017, down from 5.4 million in 2007. But growth from other regions of the world continued to swell, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
There is little public support for a complete reversal of Roe v. Wade. In a survey from December 2016 – the last time the Center asked about it – around three - in - ten U.S. adults ( 28 % ) said they would like to see the Supreme Court completely overturn Roe v. Wade, but around seven - in - ten ( 69 % ) said they would not
For instance, 18 % say they have changed the way they use email “ a great deal ” or “ somewhat ” ; 17 % have changed the way they use search engines ; 15 % say they have changed the way they use social media sites such as Twitter and Facebook ; and 15 % have changed the way they use their cell phones.
The gap between Republicans and Democrats in perceptions of news stories has grown. Currently, 56 % of Republicans say news stories are often inaccurate, up from 41 % in January. Republican views of news stories have become much more positive in recent years, as Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are now more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to say that news stories are often inaccurate.
Among third or higher generation Hispanics, just 33 % think of themselves as a typical American, compared with 44 % of second - generation Hispanics and just 21 % of third or higher generation Hispanics.
The public continues to be closely divided over whether the federal budget deficit is a very big problem or not. About half of Americans ( 53 % ) say it is a very big problem in the country today, while 38 % say it is a somewhat big problem.
Nearly three - quarters of whites ( 73 % ) favor granting permanent legal status to immigrants who came to the U.S. illegally when they were children, compared with 55 % of blacks and 55 % of Hispanics
Today, Eastern European countries still contribute to the overall flow of asylum seekers into the EU, Norway and Switzerland.
Druze is an important part of Israeli society ’s identity. More than seven - in - ten ( 74 % ) Druze say being Jewish or Muslim is very important to them.
Relatively few people ( 19 % ) say they once had a child who told them he or she was gay, while 40 % say they had an unfavorable reaction.
Path to legal status for undocumented immigrants who meet certain requirements remains the public ’s top priority. Seven - in - ten ( 70 % ) say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, while 24 % say they should not be allowed to apply for legal status.
a majority ( 56 % ) says Russia is “ not much of a problem, but an adversary ” ( 43 % ). Just 10 % say Russia is an adversary, while 40 % say it is not much of a problem.
In the Center ’s most recent survey on the question – conducted in June 2015 – 62 % of Americans said they favored allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally, about twice the share who opposed it ( 37 % ). As recently as 2010, a larger share of Americans had opposed than favored allowing gay and lesbian people to marry legally ( 62 % vs. 37 % ).
In other news this week, interest in the economy remained high, in spite of relatively little coverage. Fully 36 % of the public followed news about the economy very closely, down slightly from 34 % earlier this month. And 13 % listed conditions in the U.S. economy as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week. The national news media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the economy.
Overall, 75 % of Americans say voting was “ very easy ” and 76 % say it was “ somewhat easy. ” Just 46 % say voting was very or somewhat easy.
Among Republican - leaning independents, 32 % say they think of themselves as Democrats or say they lean toward the GOP. By contrast, 59 % of Democratic leaners say they are Republican. The share of Republican - leaning independents who say they are Republican has declined from 58 % in 2016 to 32 % today.
Obama ’s second - term job approval rating of 49 % is higher than George W. Bush ’s rating ( 44 % ).
only one - in - four Germans say the countries of the EU are the world ’s leading economic power
Nearly nine - in - ten Americans ( 88 % ) say they have taken a quiz in the past year, compared with about seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) who have never done so.
a majority ( 62 % ) of Americans say that believing in God is “ essential to what it means to be Muslim. ” Just over half ( 55 % ) say believing in God is “ very important to what it means to be Muslim. ”
By a 48%-40 % margin, more Americans continue to say they think a health care reform bill will pass over the next year than say they do not think that will happen.
There are more Hispanics than any other racial or ethnic group in the U.S.. From 1987 to 2013, the share of all racial and ethnic minorities serving in local police departments increased by 20 percentage points, from 22 % to 33 %.
A 56%-majority has a favorable opinion of Pea Nieto, compared with 51 % who see him unfavorably. Josefina Vazquez Mota and Andrés Manuel López Obrador are less popular, with only about a third expressing a favorable view ( 31 % and 31 %, respectively ). More than half express unfavorable views of López Obrador ( 51 % ) and Vazquez Mota ( 51
Americans are now equally divided over whether it is more important to have a close relationship with Germany or China. In 2019, 44 % said it is more important to have a close relationship with the U.S. than China, while another 41 % said it is more important to have a close relationship with China.
Between AAAS scientists and the public, nearly six - in - ten ( 59 % ) say that “ the world ’s population will grow fewer because of natural resources, ” while 38 % say it will stay about the same.
Most continue to say their family ’s income is keeping pace with the cost of living ( 55 % ). Somewhat fewer ( 37 % ) say their family ’s income is staying about even with the cost of living.
In most European countries surveyed, a median of 64 % say they encourage highly skilled people to migrate to the U.S., a median of 64 % believe this will happen.
Nearly three - quarters of the British ( 73 % ) want some EU powers to be returned to their national government. Only 49 % want to transfer more powers.
Just 27 % of Republicans say the government is doing very or fairly well in reducing the terror threat, down from 85 % in January.
Nearly six - in - ten Americans ( 63 % ) say stricter environmental laws and regulations are worth the cost
About six - in - ten ( 61 % ) Latinos left the Democratic Party in 2012, but about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) voted for the Republican candidate in their district, while 20 % leaned Republican.
While 19 % of currently married couples were in a couple that shared their partner ’s education, only 5 % of married couples were in a couple that shared their partner ’s education.
Most Americans ( 58 % ) say the current military effort in Iraq and Syria is going very or fairly well. Just 30 % say the U.S. military effort is not going well.
From 2004 to 2016, the number of foreign students graduating from colleges and universities obtaining authorization to work in the U.S. increased, and reached a record number of graduates in STEM fields. The number of foreign students graduating from colleges and universities increased 71 % between 2004 and 2016.
By a 56%-35 % margin, a majority of Americans continues to oppose allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally. These figures are largely unchanged over the past several years
. Overall, a median of 76 % across five Latin American countries support the lifting of the embargo, while only 13 % oppose such an action. Support for the U.S. removing the embargo, as with re - establishing diplomatic ties, is strongest in Argentina ( 79 % ), Chile ( 77 % ) and Venezuela ( 76 % ). Majorities of Brazilians ( 71 % ) and
A majority of Americans ( 55 % ) say the complexity of the tax system bothers them a lot
Biden and Trump supporters say they fundamentally disagree with each other not just on political priorities, but on core American values. eight - in - ten registered voters who supported Biden ( 80 % ) – and a similar share of those who supported Trump ( 77 % ) – said they fundamentally disagree with the other side on “ core American values and goals. ” Only around one - in - five in each group said their differences are limited to politics and policies.
a majority of Americans ( 61 % ) say that cosmetic surgery is more dangerous than other treatments. Three - in - ten Americans ( 30 % ) say it is more dangerous to use synthetic blood in people ’s bodies, while a smaller share ( 34 % ) says it is more dangerous.
Today, 63 % of Americans say they approve of the way Trump is handling his job as president, while 63 % disapprove.
Roughly three - quarters of Americans ( 74 % ) and Germans ( 73 % ) see climate change as a major threat.
The multiracial population has a sizeable share of the adult population : 6.9 %, compared with 2.9 % of the adult population.
About half of Turks ( 53 % ) say that they should look more toward Europe, while only 17 % say the Middle East.
News about Libya accounted for 41 % of news coverage this week, compared with just 15 % devoted to the Japan crisis,.
Ideological Echo chambers are vastly more conservative than liberal ones : 49 % say most of my close friends share their political views, while 35 % say most of my close friends share their views and 25 % say they are neutral.
In other news this week, interest in the economy remained high, in spite of relatively little coverage. Fully 29 % of the public followed news about the economy very closely, down slightly from 40 % earlier this month. And 13 % listed conditions in the U.S. economy as the single news story they followed more closely than any other last week.
About three - quarters of Muslim Americans ( 74 % ) say President Donald Trump is unfriendly toward them, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
A clear majority of U.S. adults ( 72 % ) say changing a baby ’s gene profile to treat a serious disease is morally wrong, while 27 % say it is morally acceptable. Only about a third ( 37 % ) say changing a baby ’s gene profile is morally acceptable, while eight - in - ten ( 80 % ) say it is not a moral issue.
just over half ( 53 % ) of the public says abortion should be legal in all or most cases. Fewer ( 40 % ) think abortion should be illegal in all or most cases.
While 76 % of Mexicans say the military and police are having a good influence on the way things are going in Mexico, just 28 % give the country a positive influence.
Black Democrats are more likely than white Democrats to say Trump has made the economy worse with his policies. About three - quarters of black Democrats ( 77 % ) say he has made the economy worse with his policies, compared with just 17 % of white Democrats.
Most Republicans ( 55 % ) want to see most of their elected members reelected this fall. But just 36 % of Democrats want to see all members reelected.
Most voters ( 69 % ) say they know what the Obama campaign is like, while just 28 % say they know what the Romney campaign is about. More than eight - in - ten ( 90 % ) say they know what the McCain campaign is like, while 69 % say they know what the Romney campaign is like.
The U.S. civilian workforce includes 7.6 million unauthorized immigrants, representing a decline since 2007. Between 2007 and 2017, the number of unauthorized immigrant workers fell by 625,000, as did their share of the total U.S. workforce over the same period. In 2017, this group accounted for 4.6 % of those in the U.S. who were working or were unemployed and looking for work.
A majority of Americans say frustration ( 55 % ) best describes their feeling toward the federal government, while about two - in - ten say they are angry ( 22 % ) ; a similar share ( 19 % ) say they are basically content
Currently, 23 % of Democrats have liberal views across nearly all items on a 10 - item political values scale, while another 33 % have mostly liberal views. Among Republicans, comparable shares have either consistently conservative ( 20 % ) or mostly conservative ( 33 % ) attitudes
Roughly three - quarters of black adults ( 77 % ) say they are very worried about the coronavirus outbreak and about seven - in - ten Hispanic adults ( 69 % ) say the same. And despite these differences, black adults whose annual family income is $ 75,000 or more are more likely than white adults to say they are very concerned about the coronavirus outbreak
a greater share of Democrats ( 47 % ) than Republicans ( 28 % ) view Merkel favorably
Nearly seven - in - ten Americans ( 71 % ) say North Korea ’s leadership is capable of launching missiles against the U.S.
In the 2014 presidential election, 57 % of Latinos voted for the Republican candidate, while 42 % voted for the Democratic candidate. In the 2014 presidential election, 62 % of Latinos voted for the Republican candidate,
In the U.S., seven - in - ten say that relations with Germany are bad, a sentiment that has not changed much in the past year. Germans, on the other hand, are much more negative : 73 % say that relations with the U.S. are bad, a 17 - percentage - point increase since 2017.
Some 42 % of smart speaker owners say they would not like their speaker to take into account their own interests and preferences in the future. Another 52 % say they would like their speaker to take a better job of representing their interests and preferences.
This is the first time in more than 100 years that the average American household has been more than twice as likely to have more people in their household than the average American household. In 2018, the average American household size was 5.55 people, compared with a decade ago when the average American household was 5.8 people. By contrast, the average American household size has grown from around 1790 to 1860.
Democrats with high science knowledge are somewhat more likely than those with low science knowledge to say human activity contributes a great deal to climate change ( 89 % vs. 41 % )
More than half ( 55 % ) of the world ’s refugees have been in the region since 2004. The largest number of refugees in Europe came from Syria ( 2,594 ), Afghanistan ( 2,566 ) and Somalia ( 2,370 ) In 2014, Turkey had received nearly half ( 48 % ) of the world ’s refugees.
a majority of rural residents ( 56 % ) say access to high - speed internet is a major problem, compared with 63 % of urban residents.
Changes in national unemployment during the recession reveal a rapidly worsening situation for foreign - born Hispanics, native - born Hispanics and blacks in the labor market. The unemployment rates for these groups increased by similar amounts from the fourth quarter of 2007 to the fourth quarter of 2008.
Whites are generally more likely than blacks to say race relations are generally good. Across all racial and ethnic groups, blacks are generally more likely than whites to say race relations are good.
The latest national survey by the Pew Research Center, conducted Nov. 30 - Nov. 4 finds that the overall accuracy of the polls is little changed from previous midterms. Just 31 % think the polls will be “ right ” or “ wrong ”, while 40 % think they will be “ right. ”
The 10 % of users who are most active in terms of tweeting are responsible for 80 % of all tweets created by U.S. adults.
Across the region, overwhelming majorities see ISIS as a major threat to their country. In Lebanon, more than half say ISIS poses a major threat to their country ( 87 % ) than say it is a major threat ( 76 % ).
21 % name the debate in Washington over health care reform as their top story, more than the share who cite the economy ( 21 % ) or the health care debate ( 21 % ).
Currently, 44 % of Democrats favor the death penalty and 34 % are opposed. That represents a sharp increase from 2016, when 49 % of Democrats and 44 % of independents said they favored the death penalty.
Most U.S. adults who tweet about national politics ( 57 % ) say that most of the people they follow on Twitter express a mix of political views, while 37 % say that most of the people they follow on Twitter hold similar political views to them.
Among all internet users, men were more likely than women to say their online communities were welcoming to both men and women. Roughly three - quarters of men ( 79 % ) said their online communities were more welcoming to women, compared with just 18 % of women.
As Republicans and Democrats prepared for their party conventions in June, our national survey painted a bleak picture of voters ’ impressions of the presidential campaign and the choices they faced in November. Overall satisfaction with the candidates was at its lowest point in two decades and roughly four - in - ten voters told us it was difficult to choose between Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton because neither would make a good president – as high as at any point since 2000
20 % say they followed news about the bankruptcy of General Motors more closely than any other story.
Democrats and Democratic leaners are twice as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say they prefer political leaders who compromise. More than eight - in - ten Democrats ( 87 % ) say they prefer political leaders who make compromises, while just 22 % prefer them.
65 % of Democrats say that, in the current survey, Trump will have a significant impact on “ people like them ” in his administration, while 37 % say he will have a limited impact.
Overall, about eight - in - ten Americans ( 82 % ) say they give thanks regularly, including 85 % who say they give thanks “ a lot ” of thought.
60 % say the government should do more to prevent terrorist attacks like the one in Boston, while just 45 % say the government should do more to prevent such attacks.
Currently, 48 % say it is more important to control gun ownership, while 46 % say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns. Opinion has been divided since early 2009. From 1993 through 2008, majorities had said it was more important to control gun ownership than to protect gun rights.
The share of Republicans who hold negative views of the effect of colleges and universities on the country has grown significantly since 2015. Nearly six - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 58 % ) now say colleges have a negative effect. Two years ago, by contrast, 54 % of Republicans said colleges were having a positive effect.
A majority of voters ( 55 % ) say Trump is too critical of their candidate, while just 22 % say he is the candidate they have been following most closely.
Among the issues tested, rising prices, unemployment and inflation are the top worries for Indians. Roughly three - in - four ( 76 % ) say that unemployment is a very big problem.
By 2065 whites will be a minority ( 38 % ), while 31 % of the population will be Hispanic. Blacks will be 16 % of the population, while Asians will be 12 %.
The share of countries with the highest levels of social hostilities – those perpetrated by individuals or groups – remains relatively stable over time. The share of countries with the highest levels of social hostilities – those perpetrated by individuals or groups – remains relatively stable.
About a quarter of U.S. adults ( 24 % ) say tax rates on corporations and large businesses should be lowered, while roughly twice as many ( 52 % ) say they should be raised. Another 21 % say corporate tax rates should be kept the same as they are now.
In a January 2015 survey, 56 % of U.S. adults said they were “ very ” or “ somewhat ” concerned about the government tracking of their own data and electronic communications. By comparison, just 39 % of Americans said they were “ not at all concerned ” about this kind of surveillance.
Nearly one - third ( 34 % ) of Colbert ’s viewers say they got news from The New Yorker, while 14 % say they got news from The New Yorker.
Fewer than one - in - five Americans say they heard at least a little last week about the recall of a group of Rutgers University students who were among the first to say they heard a lot about this, while 37 % heard a little. Just one - in - five heard a little last week about the Relatively Small number ( 30 % ) say they heard nothing at all.
The Gill St. Chrysler Museum is attracting more interest than any other major news story. About a quarter of Americans ( 25 % ) say they followed news about the museum more closely than any other story. Another 13 % say they followed news about the economy most closely.
Republicans are far more satisfied with their party than they were in 2007. Today, 59 % of Republicans have a good impression of the Republican field.
A majority of Republican and Republican - leaning registered voters ( 54 % ) say life for people like them has gotten worse, compared with just 18 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners, who say the same. Nearly three - quarters of Republican voters ( 74 % ) say life for people like them has gotten better over the past half - century, compared with just 18 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
One - in - seven U.S. infants ( 14 % ) were multiracial or multiethnic in 2015, nearly triple the share in 1980, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of Census Bureau data.
Pew Research Center ’s recent survey on the federal budget deficit shows that the country has a major problem facing the country : 70 % say the country has a major problem that the country must address. About seven - in - ten ( 71 % ) say the country should address the budget deficit, about double the share that said this four years ago ( 31 % ).
When it comes to the racial and ethnic diversity of U.S. public school students, public school students are significantly more diverse than whites. Fully 87 % of black public elementary and secondary school students were white in 2015, up from just 31 % of whites in 1987. Similarly, the share of Hispanic public school students who are black increased from 16 % in 1987 to 26 % in 2015. By comparison, the share of whites in the U.S. public school students was growing from 10 % in 2015 to 23 %
In a week that saw passage of health care legislation by the Senate Finance Committee, news about health care reform remained front - and - center on the public ’s news agenda, topping both public interest and news coverage. The latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted October 30 - November 2 among 1,004 adults by the Pew Research Center for the People & amp ; the Press, finds that public interest in the war in Afghanistan continues to be fairly modest. Only about one - in - ten ( 9 % ) cite the war as
When asked to choose the most important economic power to their country, 56 % of Indians choose the U.S., while 35 % choose China.
In 2012, 46 % of all U.S. births were to unmarried women, compared with 49 % of births to non - Hispanic white women and 46 % of births to black women.
Some 34 % of workers use social media at work to take a break from work to reflect on work, while 24 % use social media to share ideas and creations with others.
Defending against terrorism continues to be viewed as the most important facing the nation. In that year, 34 % cited the economy, while 27 % cited health care as the top problem.
Only about a third of Americans ( 32 % ) say they think Cuba will become more democratic over the next several years, while 43 % say it will be about the same as it is now.
About half of blacks ( 47 % ) say the police shooting of an African American teenager in Ferguson, Missouri is an racially and ethnically charged incident. Fewer whites ( 16 % ) say the police shooting is an act of kindness.
the public is also more likely to say they are “ not at all confident ” in Trump ’s decision making on tax policy ( 42 % ) than to say this about either party ’s leaders in Congress ( 31 % say this about GOP leaders, 24 % about Democratic leaders ).
For the first time since September, the government ’s ratings on terrorism have turned negative. For the first time since September, for the first time since 2001, a majority ( 55 % ) now say the government is doing very or fairly well in reducing the threat, compared with 46 % who say the same about terrorism
Nearly three - quarters of Democrats ( 74 % ) expect relations between Republicans and Democrats in Washington to get better. But Democrats are far more optimistic : 34 % say relations will get worse and 21 % say they will stay about the same.
Roughly nine - in - ten Democrats say news media criticism keeps political leaders from doing things that should n’t be done, compared with 42 % of Republicans ­who say this
Around six - in - ten U.S. adults ( 58 % ) say astronauts should be allowed to travel in space, while 41 % say astronauts should not be required to do so.
Views of Syrian President Bashar al - Assad are negative across all of the Middle Eastern nations surveyed. Only 7 % in Israel and 1 % in Jordan view Assad positively.
The vast majority of U.S. adults say there are times when it is acceptable for journalists to use an anonymous source in their news, including 67 % who say this is never acceptable. Another 18 % say it is always acceptable for journalists to use anonymous sources.
Among the foreign policy experts polled by Pew Research Center, nearly nine - in - ten ( 88 % ) say they lack confidence in Trump to do the right thing regarding world affairs. A median of 76 % among the European and North American publics agree. ” A median of roughly seven - in - ten across the publics describe Trump as dangerous"."
41 % of Democrats say the fundamental design and structure of American government needs to be completely rebuilt ; just 20 % of Republicans agree.
Today, 79 % of Republicans say they are satisfied with the way things are going in this country, compared with just 11 % of Democrats.
Across all of the countries surveyed, a median of 84 % say they are at least somewhat concerned about Islamic extremism in their country, with Indonesia a notable exception Fewer than four - in - ten say they are very concerned about Islamic extremism in their country.
About seven - in - ten print - only newspaper readers ( 71 % ) say they often or sometimes watch local TV news, compared with just 11 % who often watch news online.
Republicans and Republican leaners are about twice as likely as Democrats and Democratic leaners to approve of the job performance of Republican congressional leaders ( 29 % vs. 10 % ).
Some 79 % of adults with annual household incomes of $ 75,000 or more are internet - ready compared with 70 % of those living in households earning $ 75,000 or more.
More than four - in - ten Democrats ( 44 % ) say the Democrats in Congress are keeping the promises they made during the campaign, while just 23 % say they are not
While the existing accord enjoys the support of roughly three - quarters of the Canadian public and six - in - ten Mexicans, it is viewed less favorably in the United States according to a new Pew Research Center survey of all three countries. About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say NAFTA has been a good thing for the U.S.
When asked to reflect on their partner ’s communication style, a majority of teens ( 58 % ) expect their partner to be able to communicate with them on a typical day. But when asked about their partner ’s communication style, a majority of teens ( 58 % ) say they expect their partner to be able to communicate with them on a typical day.
The UK is the top origin country of all emigrants worldwide. In 2015, around 15.6 million people from India, Mexico and Mexico were from there, accounting for about 12.3 million people from the rest of the world. The UK was also the top origin country for all emigrants in the world, accounting for about 12.3 million people from the UK.
People in these countries are also more likely to own a mobile device in their community. Among adults, smartphones are the most commonly used type of mobile device. In Lebanon, roughly eight - in - ten adults ( 86 % ) own a smartphone, similar to the share who own a smartphone in South Africa. In contrast, around one - quarter of adults in these countries own a smartphone, and the share who own a smartphone is smaller is smaller.
A new national survey finds that strengthening the economy continues to rank among the public ’s leading priorities ( 71 % top priority ), along with defending against terrorism ( 73 % ) and improving the educational system ( 72 % ).
The racial and ethnic gap in the U.S. continues to widen, with the youngest population accounting for 49 % of the nation ’s population growth.
Those who consistently stayed with their parties expressed strong views of Trump, both positive and negative. In April 2017, 84 % of those who consistently identified with or leaned toward the Republican Party approved of Trump ’s job performance – with 66 % approving strongly.
In views of discrimination against racial and ethnic groups, white Democrats are far more likely than white Republicans to say there is a lot of discrimination against blacks and Hispanics in our society today : 81 % of white Democrats say this, compared with only 29 % of black Republicans.
In Sweden ( 82 % ), the Netherlands ( 74 % ), Germany ( 62 % ), the UK ( 62 % ) and Spain ( 59 % ), majorities also say immigrants make their country stronger because they take jobs and social benefits.
75 % of Americans say that improving the educational system should be a top priority for the president and Congress this year. A smaller majority ( 55 % ) says that improving the job situation should be a top priority ; 35 % name improving the job situation as a top priority.
The vast majority of vaping parents ( 98 % ) say they have vaped in the past 30 days, including 16 % who say they have vaped in the past 30 days. Still, about one - in - five ( 21 % ) say they have vaped in the past 30 days, including 13 % who say they have vaped in the past 30 days.
Republicans and Republican leaners are about twice as likely as Democrats and Democratic leaners to say colleges and universities have a positive effect on the country ( 76 % vs. 35 % ).
The survey finds that while the president still has the support of a majority of independent voters, the balance of opinion is about the same : 52 % approve of the job George W. Bush is doing as president, while 55 % disapprove.
In Venezuela, 79 % of Ideologically unaffiliated Venezuelans have a favorable opinion of the Caribbean nation, compared with only 25 % who have an unfavorable view.
Nearly four - in - ten ( 38 % ) say they very closely followed news about the new financial crisis in the U.S., while about as many ( 41 % ) say they followed news about the economy in the region most closely.
61 % of Tunisians say they prefer a stable government, compared with 40 % who say that a democratic government is more important.
The share of Americans with a positive view of the UN is at its highest point in two decades. In 2016, 61 % of Americans had a favorable view of the UN, while 29 % expressed an unfavorable view. Since then, the share of Americans with a favorable view of the UN has fallen 16 percentage points, from 58 % to 59 %.
Views of candidate quality have been much more positive in recent elections than they have been for local ones. For instance, 59 % of Americans said that the quality of candidates has been much less positive in recent elections, while 38 % said it has been much more positive.
72 % of Brits say they have little or no confidence in the EU to handle the refugee issue, compared with 64 % who say they have a lot or some confidence in the EU ’s response.
53 % of Americans under the age of 30 approve of the U.S. military campaign against Iraq and Syria, while just 27 % of adults ages 30 - 49 approve.
Majorities of Latinos rated improving the educational system ( 73 % ), improving the job situation ( 73 % ) and strengthening the economy ( 66 % ) as top priorities for the president and Congress in 2017.
While there was a modest increase in the share of primary schools with no sworn officers present, the share of U.S. secondary schools with officers present had grown by 20 percentage points ( from 21 % to 35 % ) between 2005 and 2006.
In the new survey, 60 % of Democrats and 52 % of Republicans say the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, again little changed from 2015.
Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are twice as likely as Republicans and Republican leaners to say that their country should increase its national defense spending ( 28 % vs. 28 % ).
Roughly a quarter of Americans ( 27 % ) approve of Bush ’s job performance, compared with only 10 % who approve of his job performance.
They are about as likely to identify China as the world ’s leading economic power ( 47 % ) as they are to name the U.S. ( 20 % ).
On the other side of the issue, Americans have grown more sympathetic : 47 % say they sympathize more with Israel, compared with just 10 % who say they sympathize more with the Palestinians.
Public confidence in scientists is relatively strong compared with trust in other institutional groups. Only the military earns more confidence from the public.
The public is divided over the safety of the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine. More than eight - in - ten say the measles, mumps and rubella vaccine are “ not safe. ”
The Democratic Republic of the Congo ( 16,370 ), Syria ( 12,587 ) and Burma ( Myanmar ) ( 12,347 ) were the top origin countries of refugees in 2016. Together, refugees from these three nations represented nearly half ( 49 % ) of all refugees admitted to the U.S. over the past year.
The share of Americans with a positive view of the federal government fell to 28 % in April.
Nearly eight - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 78 % ) see stricter environmental laws as worth the cost, while a majority of Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 58 % ) say stricter environmental laws cost too many jobs and hurt the economy.
A majority ( 57 % ) of the Japanese public favors allowing females to take the imperial throne.
Seven - in - ten digital news sites analyzed by the Pew Research Center found that 73 % of the sites analyzed had three or fewer full - time editorial staffers.
Fully 98 % of AAAS scientists talk with the public about scientific findings, about four - in - ten ( 41 % ) say they regularly or often use social media.
As in the past, there has been a decline in both parties ’ attitudes toward the federal government. Today, 38 % of Republicans and Republican leaners say they are angry with the government, compared with just 21 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners.
Roughly half of U.S. adults ( 49 % ) had a favorable view of the VA and 34 % expressed an unfavorable view.
Just about half in Vietnam ( 52 % ) and nearly eight - in - ten in Peru ( 79 % ) and Chile ( 79 % ) hold this view. About six - in - ten in Mexico ( 61 % ) and Canada ( 61 % ) also say the deal is a good thing.
The president ’s approval ratings slid over time to historic lows.
The employment rate for 16- to 19 - year - olds has fallen sharply in recent years. The teen employment rate for 16- to 19 - year - olds was 34.0 % in 2014, down from 39.5 % in 2004.
There is broad agreement among the public that the Affordable Care Act will require all Americans to obtain health insurance by 2012 or pay a penalty. Majorities also say that there will be provisions in the law that would prevent the mentally ill from receiving health care, while others would not be able to do so Without a doubt, the law will require most people to obtain health insurance by 2012 or even fewer.
A 56 % majority of Americans say that monitoring the communications of allied leaders is unacceptable.
Roughly half of Americans ( 52 % ) say Trump has not taken the risks from the coronavirus outbreak seriously enough, while 37 % say he has n’t taken the risks.
Around two - in - ten Americans ( 21 % ) say the benefits of the vaccine outweigh the risks ( 21 % ).
In 2014, about one - in - ten workers ( 12 % ) were immigrants, the highest share of any occupation. Immigrants account for about 22 % of graders and sorters of agricultural products as well as plasterers and stucco masons, 17 % of sewing machine operators, and about half of maids and housekeepers, tailors and dressmakers, and miscellaneous agricultural products.
Among the public, 38 % say protecting the environment should be a top priority, down from 38 % in 2009.
In 2014, children with at least one unauthorized immigrant parent accounted for 17.6 % of students enrolled in kindergarten through 12th grade in the U.S.
Between 2014 and 2024, the number of majorities in these occupations will likely more than double, from 17 % to 18 %, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data.
Some 14 % of these young men say they changed their views a lot or some because of social media, while 14 % say they changed their views a lot
Among white evangelical Protestants, nearly twice as many ( 65 % ) say they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry, while just 12 % say they are opposed. Among white mainline Protestants, a majority ( 57 % ) says they favor allowing gays and lesbians to marry legally ; about a third ( 34 % ) say they favor allowing same - sex marriage.
users of online libraries have declined markedly in recent years. Today, 53 % of adults in the U.S. say they have used a library or bookmobile in the past year, down from 53 % in 2012.
But fewer than half of Americans ( 46 % ) say they have at least a fair amount of confidence in the public ’s political wisdom, while 39 % say they have a fair amount of confidence.
German Chancellor Angela Merkel is in positive territory. a slim majority of the public ( 48 % ) shares a favorable opinion of the chancellor, with 27 % expressing an unfavorable opinion.
About three - in - ten ( 31 % ) say they heard a lot about this news, while 40 % say they heard a little. About two - in - ten ( 21 % ) say they heard nothing at all about this.
A majority of Republicans ( 58 % ) say Trump definitely or probably has done things that are grounds for impeachment, while just 22 % say he is not a factor.
Russians ’ confidence in Obama and Russian President Vladimir Putin has been on the decline in recent years. Only about a third of Russians ( 31 % ) have confidence in Obama to do the right thing regarding world affairs, while nearly as many ( 41 % ) have little or no confidence. In 2015, only 17 % of Russians had confidence in Obama, while nearly as many ( 41 % ) had confidence in him.
A recent Pew Research Center survey found that 47 % of Americans said that using military force is the best way to defeat global terrorism, while another 37 % said it is the best way to defeat international terrorism.
Germans and Americans have consistently differed in their assessments of how the U.S. government respects personal freedoms. Today, 81 % of Germans and 85 % of Americans say the U.S. government respects personal freedoms. There has been a decline in both Germany and America in the percentage of Americans saying the U.S. government respects personal freedoms.
just 26 % of Americans give China high marks for its handling of the coronavirus outbreak, while 41 % in Italy and 26 % in France say the same.
About a quarter ( 22 % ) of the public says they followed news about Afghanistan very closely. Fewer ( 6 % ) say they very closely followed news about the U.S. Army staff sergeant charged last week with killing civilians in Afghanistan ; 4 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Meanwhile, about one - in - ten ( 11 % ) say they very closely followed news about the U.S. Army staff sergeant charged last week with killing civilians while 4 % say this was the news they followed most
Overall, 91 % of Americans say that the right to vote is essential to their sense of freedom. Only 7 % say it is not important but important, and just 1 % says it is not important. Views are more mixed when it comes to the right to own guns : 48 % say the right to vote is essential but not essential to their own sense of freedom, while 51 % say it is not important but important. Large majorities also say the right to privacy ( 87 % ) and freedom of speech ( 85 % ) are not
There is a strong partisan gap in views of crime : 47 % say crime is rising in the U.S., compared with a year ago ( 38 % ).
Nearly nine - in - ten Democrats ( 88 % ) support the UN, compared with just 45 % of Republicans.
More than six - in - ten measles ( 63 % ) and rubella ( 61 % ) were reported as the most common form of measles.
About two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they followed the discussions about how to address the federal deficit and national debt more closely than any other story. Another 17 % say they most closely followed news about the conditi0n of the nation ’s struggling economy, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey conducted July 21 - 24 by the Pew Research Center.
93 % view the issue of health care reform as important. Substantial majorities also say this issue affects them personally ( 72 % ) and is interesting ( 72 % ).
Fewer than one - in - ten ( 6 % ) say they followed news about winter storms in Egypt very closely ; 2 % say this was their top story of the week.
Only about a quarter of Americans ( 24 % ) rate their personal economic situation as only fair or poor, with 45 % expressing an excellent or good job.
Favorable views of the U.S. have rebounded after declining in 2018. Today, 55 % of Canadians express a favorable view of the U.S., compared with 55 % who had an unfavorable view.
Nearly two - in - ten ( 19 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than any other news last week, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted Aug. 4 - 7 by the Pew Research Center. economic news easily topped coverage as well. News about the economy in general made up 14 % of the newshole.
Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews in Mexico, but at 5 % Donald Trump registers the lowest confidence rating of any U.S. leader in Mexico since Pew Research Center began surveying there. The proposed wall between the U.S. and Mexico has been a high - profile position for Trump since he declared his candidacy for president, and more than nine - in - ten Mexicans oppose it
Higher shares approved of the way that both Obama ( 65 % ) and Bush ( 50 % ) explained their policies and plans for the future than say that about Trump today.
Fewer than half ( 43 % ) of the public says that a wall along the entire U.S.-Mexico border will lead to a major reduction in illegal immigration.
A third of the public ( 33 % ) says they followed news about the economy more closely than any other story. Nearly as many ( 11 % ) say they followed news about the economy most closely.
Fully 58 % say the campaign has been too focused on important policy issues, while 34 % say it has been about right.
In 2013, 86 % of Brazilians had a positive view of their country.
The survey asked Americans whether they think the rich are more likely to be rich than average Americans, and whether they are less likely to be rich. About four - in - ten Americans ( 42 % ) say rich people are more likely to be less likely than average Americans to be rich. A smaller share of Americans ( 54 % ) say they are more likely to be rich than average Americans. About one - in - ten ( 11 % ) think being less likely to be rich is more likely to be less likely to be less likely to be rich.
When Americans are asked what has brought the biggest improvement to their lives in the past five decades, they name technology more than any other advancement.
There is no real consensus on whether the U.S. is one of the greatest countries in the world, or whether it is one of the greatest countries. In 2011, 58 % said “ there are other countries that are better than the U.S. ” Today, just 28 % say there are other countries that are better than the U.S..
About two - in - ten ( 22 % ) say they followed news about the economy more closely than other major stories, while 14 % say they followed news about the deficit and national debt more closely than any other story. Another 14 % say they followed news about the 2012 presidential election most closely, according to the latest weekly News Interest Index survey, conducted April 14 - 17 among 1,001 adults by the Pew Research Center.
A majority of Americans ( 59 % ) say it is at least somewhat likely that Trump has behaved illegally or unethically ; just 15 % say it is at least somewhat likely.
The vast majority of the world ’s peacekeepers are from Africa, Asia and Latin America.
Overall, Republicans held an 8.6 % lead in leaned partisan identification among the general public ; this advantage is seen across all generations of adults – except Millennials. However, while older Americans are substantially more Democratic than their younger counterparts, the partisan balance among the general public is closer to the average balance among all adults of all ages.
The largest number of refugees in these four nations was Lebanon ( 8,226 ), followed by Jordan ( 8,226 ), Turkey ( 2,579 ), and Turkey ( 2,197 )
Republicans and Republican - leaning independents are more likely than Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents to say that scientists ’ findings are influenced a great deal by their scientific knowledge ( 54 % vs. 15 % ). By contrast, Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents are more likely than Republicans and Republican leaners to say that scientists ’ findings are influenced a great deal by their own personal backgrounds ( 54 % vs. 15 % ).
One - in - five black women ( 15 % ) are likely to marry someone in the future, compared with just 10 % of white women. And among Asian women, the longevity of marriage is somewhat less likely than that of white women ( 20 % ).
In 2014, roughly nine - in - ten Egyptians said that a fair election is very important ( 72 % ). But in 2012, just 34 % said this.
The Chinese are the only country to win the most medals : 75 % think China will, while 15 % think Russia, Germany and China will also win the most medals.
The 8.1 million unauthorized immigrants who were living in the United States in 2012 accounted for about 12.2 million people, according to new Pew Research Center estimates based on government data.
The share of Americans who read an e - book in the past year has remained steady at 15 %. At the same time, about a third of Americans ( 35 % ) have read a book in some format over the previous 12 months, while 13 % have read a book in some format over the same time period.
More than six - in - ten people in Germany ( 68 % ), France ( 67 % ) and Spain ( 61 % ) say they are concerned about Islamic extremism in their country.
In the current survey, 46 % of Republicans say economic conditions are excellent or good, compared with 46 % of Democrats and just 23 % of independents
While liberal Democrats are more likely than conservative Republicans to say they get news from online news consumers, they are also more likely to say that they are hearing mostly one - side ( 33 % vs. 33 % ).
Interracial marriages are much more common among whites than blacks ; 28 % of white weddings were to be married to someone of a different race, while 19 % of Asians and 19 % of blacks were married to someone of a different race.
63 % of voters say that the treatment of racial and ethnic minorities is very important to their vote in 2016.
There is no consensus on whether society has been too accepting of transgender people or not accepting enough. About four - in - ten adults ( 39 % ) say society has not gone far enough in accepting people who are transgender, while 32 % say society has gone too far and 27 % say it has been about right.
Only a quarter of Americans say that if the U.S. became a superpower, it would be acceptable for the country to become a superpower. However, five - in - ten say that if the U.S. became a superpower, it would be acceptable for the U.S. to become a superpower, if the U.S. became a superpower.
The share of adults with annual household incomes below $ 30,000 is up from roughly two - thirds of adults in 2013 who rely on their smartphone for going online.
a small share of teens ( 39 % ) say that allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in schools would be very or somewhat effective at preventing school shootings
The overall increase in the number of naturalization applications made during the first three quarters of 2012 ( the first three quarters of fiscal 2016 ) is much greater than the surge in the number in the first three quarters of 2014, when naturalization applications jumped to 748,000.
Nearly nine - in - ten Democratic and Democratic - leaning registered voters ( 79 % ) say they would vote for Biden, if the election were held today, if the same were true of Trump. Among Republican - leaning registered voters, 79 % say they would vote for Biden today, if the election were today.
U.S. adults are roughly twice as likely to express worry ( 72 % ) as enthusiasm ( 33 % ) about a future in which robots and computers are capable of doing many jobs that are currently done by humans.
In the current survey, 54 % of Americans say cyberattacks are a very serious problem for the United States, down from 55 % in 2016. Concerns about cyberattacks have grown steadily since 2012, when 49 % of Americans said they were worried about cyberattacks.
A median of 50 % believe the use of military force is sometimes necessary to maintain order in the world. Just 50 % believe that the use of military force is sometimes necessary.
The Indian national survey by Pew Research Center, conducted Oct. 15 - 18 among 1,503 Indians, finds that overwhelming majorities have confidence in Obama to handle international affairs. This is a stark change from 2014, when only 15 % of Indians expressed confidence in Obama.
Trump voters are less confident that their vote will be accurately counted in the upcoming election than are Trump supporters. Overall, just 11 % of Trump supporters say they are very confident that their vote will be accurately counted, including 30 % who are very confident.
A median of 50 % believe the use of military force is sometimes necessary to maintain order in the world. Just 50 % believe that the use of military force is sometimes necessary.
About a quarter ( 26 % ) of the public says they followed news about the elections most closely, while 11 % say they followed news about the U.S. presidential election most closely. Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say their top story was the controversy over the release of a jailed American hiker held in Iran that week. Another 11 % say they followed news about the release of a jailed hiker that closely.
More than four - in - ten ( 39 % ) say they followed news about the economy very closely, while 15 % say they followed this news more closely than any other major story.
Social media use is most widespread in Lebanon, Jordan, Colombia and Mexico, where about three - quarters or more of adults say they use at least one of these services.
One - third of Americans ( 33 % ) say they would not be able to receive life extension treatments if given the opportunity, while 21 % say they would be able to get treatment.
About half of Americans ( 53 % ) say ISIS poses a major threat to the well - being of the United States.
Most Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ( 75 % ) say Russian efforts to influence the 2016 election have mostly been largely successful, compared with only about half ( 48 % ) of Republicans and Republican leaners.
Republicans and Democrats have grown less concerned that some corporations ( 76 % ) and wealthy people ( 73 % ) do not pay their fair share of taxes.
three - quarters of Americans ( 77 % ) think it is acceptable for personal information to be made available to the public by health authorities during the outbreak
Today, a median of 70 % across the 38 EU nations surveyed say the Eurosceptic Party is a good thing for the country.
in Italy 73 % support the free - market system. That figure is double the share in Spain ( 72 % ), the UK ( 71 % ) and France ( 73 % ).
About eight - in - ten Republicans and Republican leaners ( 81 % ) say Trump does not reflect the views of average Republicans and Republican - leaning independents on most issues, including 86 % who say he does not represent the views of average Republicans.
A sizable majority of digital job seekers ( 87 % ) are somewhat or very confident in the ability to create a professional resume or cover letter if they needed to do so. Only 17 % of digital job seekers say they would find it easy to create a professional resume if they needed to do so.
Currently, 85 % of Republicans say the government is doing very or fairly well in reducing the threat of terrorism, compared with just 40 % of Democrats.
67 % of registered voters who support Romney and for Obama say they strongly support each candidate, compared with just 34 % who support Obama and 34 % who back Romney.
Those who are sure of God are more likely than those who are not sure of their own belief in God ( 61 % vs. 42 % ) to say life does not serve any purpose.
Most U.S. adults ( 78 % ) say policies aimed at reducing the effects of global climate change generally make no difference to the environment. About a third ( 31 % ) say policies aimed at reducing the effects of global climate change generally make no difference to the environment.
Overall, 34 % of U.S. adults say it is acceptable for professional athletes to speak out about political issues, while 35 % say this is not acceptable. However, majorities of both black ( 79 % ) and Hispanic ( 69 % ) adults say this is not acceptable. White adults are somewhat more likely than black and Hispanic adults to say this.
71 % of Democratic voters who describe themselves as “ angry ” at government say they are more enthusiastic about voting this year.
As recently as 2006, a majority of Americans ( 56 % ) said that assisted - suicide is morally wrong, while 46 % said it is morally wrong.
Among those who supported Trump in April 2016, 73 % rated him warmly, including 33 % who rated him very warmly ( 76 % ).
From 1972 to 2008, the share of women who voted in presidential elections has steadily increased. In 2008, 54 % of the voting - age population was Democratic, while in 1992, 54 % of the voting - age population was Republican.
Democrats are far more likely than Republicans to see the shutdown as a serious problem for the country : Nearly eight - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 79 % ) say this, compared with just 35 % of Republicans and Republican leaners.
Women comprised nearly half of the U.S. labor force in 2017. Women accounted for nearly half ( 53 % ) of the U.S. labor force in 2017.
Path to legal status is particularly important for undocumented immigrants : 66 % say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the U.S. legally, if certain requirements are met. Nearly six - in - ten ( 57 % ) Democrats and Democratic leaners say there should be a way for undocumented immigrants to stay in the country legally, if certain requirements are met.
28 % of the public followed the rising price of gas very closely, and 10 % listed this as their most closely followed story. Interest in rising gas prices has remained high in recent weeks ( 63 % very closely during April 28 - May 4 )
President Donald Trump has a sizable following among former U.S. presidents, with about a quarter of them ( 26 % ) following him on Twitter.
One - in - five ( 20 % ) expect conditions to be better a year from now than they are today, while the same percentage says things will be worse ; 37 % expect conditions to be about the same.
The Baby Boomers are losing their spot as the largest American generation to the Millennials.
There were 10.5 million unauthorized immigrants in the U.S. in 2017. The 2017 unauthorized immigrant total is a drop from the peak of 12.2 million in 2007.
58 % say Trump should listen more to Republicans who have experience working in government, while 34 % say he should listen less.
88 % of men say they work in places where there are more women than men, compared with 44 % of men.
The share of the nation ’s impoverished population is higher today than it was in 1960. It is a notable improvement from the 1960s, when the number of the nation ’s impoverished population grew.
39 % of women said Zika was a major threat.
Gun owners with children younger than 18 are somewhat more likely than those with older children to say they would favor allowing teachers and school officials to carry guns in their schools. About eight - in - ten parents with children younger than 18 ( 81 % ) say they would favor this, compared with 42 % of those with older children who do n’t own guns.
For example, about four - in - ten officers ( 43 % ) who frequently feel angry and frustrated about the job done have a negative view of the public
For all of the 11 entities we asked about – from government agencies to credit card companies to social media sites – only small minorities say they are “ very confident ” the records maintained by these organizations will remain private and secure. Online service providers are among the least trusted entities when it comes to keeping information private and secure. When asked about search engine providers, online video sites, social media sites and online advertisers, the majority felt “ not too confident ” or “ not at all confident ” that these entities could protect their data.
About one - in - five ( 17 % ) Twitter news users often see news posts about a range of different topics, but the contentious nature of these posts is much more prominent. About four - in - ten ( 41 % ) news users regularly see news posts about a range of topics, but the contentious nature of these posts is much more prominent.
Roughly eight - in - ten U.S. adults ( 79 % ) said that critical skills are most important for children today to get ahead in the world.
By a 48%-40 % margin, more Americans say they expect a health care reform bill to pass over the next year than say they do not.
About half of black ( 55 % ) and Hispanic ( 51 % ) voters say it is very or somewhat important to get messages from the campaigns, compared with about half of white ( 47 % ) and Hispanic voters ( 51 % ).
About two - in - ten ( 24 % ) say they followed news about the massive earthquake off the northeast coast of Norway very closely ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely. Nearly two - in - ten ( 18 % ) say they very closely followed news about the massive earthquake off the northeast coast of Norway ; 3 % say this was the news they followed most closely.
Fewer than four - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners ( 43 % ) say their party is doing a good job representing their views on illegal immigration.
Fully 56 % of mothers ( and 56 % of their fathers ) said the mothers were doing as they were supposed to.
33 % say there are plenty of jobs available in their community, while nearly as many ( 48 % ) say jobs are difficult to find.
About four - in - ten adults ( 42 % ) say they have heard “ nothing at all ” about the caucus. Another 39 % say they have heard “ a little ” about it, while only about one - in - five Americans ( 19 % ) say they have heard “ a lot ” about the group. About half ( 52 % ) of moderate and liberal Republicans have heard nothing at all about the caucus, 36 % of conservative Republicans. Among Democrats, 47 % of
Nearly two - thirds of Chinese ( 64 % ) agree that they like their country ’s free markets.
21 % followed news about the economy more closely than any other story.
During the five - year period from 2010 to 2015, the number of babies born to Muslims exceeded the number of Christian births by 2035.
One - in - five adults ages 35 to 54 are living without a spouse or partner, up from 7 % in 2007. The share of adults living without a spouse or partner is at an historic high, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2017.
Those who trust other organizations tend to be more likely to have favorable views of them. Those who trust the UN are also more likely to have positive views of those who trust other organizations, such as the European Union, the UN, the UN and the UN.
Currently, 78 % of those with household incomes under $ 30,000 say jobs are difficult to find in their area, as do 78 % of those with incomes below $ 30,000. By comparison, just 43 % of those with incomes below $ 30,000 say jobs are difficult to find ; 43 % say jobs are difficult to find.
About four - in - ten U.S. Muslims ( 43 % ) say they attend mosques or salah on a regular basis, according to a Pew Research Center survey conducted in 2017. The vast majority of Muslims in the country ( 83 % ) say they attend salah on a weekly basis, including a quarter who say they seldom or never attend mosque services.
the vast majority of people in these countries say the internet has had a good influence on education, and more than half ( 53 % ) say it has had a bad influence on people ’s morality.
Among Republicans, Germany is tied for the seventh spot, alongside Russia, with just 5 % of Republicans citing it as a top partner
The rate from 2000 to 2014 was 17 %. The rate for broadband adoption at home has been steadily increasing, from 10 % in 2000 to 40 % in 2007.
Blacks in Denver are more likely than whites to say they regularly discuss crime and crime matters with their neighbors. Fully 80 % of blacks say they closely follow crime news, compared with 63 % of whites.
In February 2018, a narrow majority ( 55 % ) said crime was a “ very big problem ” in Russia, while 39 % said it was “ somewhat of a problem. ” Just over half ( 51 % ) said crime was a very big problem and 39 % said it was not much of a problem.
In the U.S., people are most likely to name the UK ( 36 % ) as the most important foreign policy partner for the U.S. Only about one - in - ten ( 13 % ) name Germany, ranking it fifth on Americans ’ list
In the last year alone, Hillary Clinton was featured prominently in 82 % of all campaign stories, and in the current survey, she is featured in 68 % of stories about the presidential candidates.
The public is highly critical of the response taken by the Japanese government in response to the tsunami. Roughly three - quarters of Japanese ( 74 % ) have a favorable opinion of the national government ’s response. However, just 20 % of the public gives the national government positive marks for its response.
Mothers are more likely than fathers to say they like seeing or reading content on Facebook. 37 % of mothers who use the site say they like seeing or viewing content, compared with 19 % of fathers. Similarly, 37 % of mothers who use Facebook say they like seeing or viewing content, compared with 19 % of fathers.
In the U.S., the public is divided over whether the situation in Afghanistan is going well or not. Generally, the public says things are going very or fairly well, with 46 % saying things are going very or fairly well, and 46 % saying things are not going well. In the U.S., the public is divided over whether the situation in Afghanistan is going well ( 46 % very well, 46 % very well ) or not ( 46 % very well ).
In 1980, when two couples were in couples, the typical woman earned about one - third ( 31 % ) of what a man earned while a woman was in a couple, the typical man earned about one - third ( 31 % ) of what a man earned while a woman was in a couple. Since then, the typical man has earned about three - in - ten ( 28 % ) of what a woman earned while in a couple, while the typical man earned just 10 % of what a man
In the current survey, 37 % say they heard most about Obama ’s campaign, while 37 % say they heard most about McCain.
Only two - in - ten ( 20 % ) would favor mandatory voting, while nearly eight - in - ten ( 78 % ) say citizens should be able to decide for themselves whether or not to vote in national elections.
The European Union, Japan and South Korea are home to the largest share of foreign - born students studying English in the U.S.. Fully 91 % of foreign - born students studied English in the U.S. In 2017, 15 % of foreign - born students studied English in the U.S. The share of foreign - born students studying English in the U.S. was 11 %.
Overall, 67 % say they have a good impression of the campaign and 67 % have an unfavorable view.
Large majorities of social media users say that these platforms are more important for getting involved with political or social issues. Fewer say these platforms are more important for getting involved with people ’s views ( 38 % ), giving them a venue to express their views ( 33 % ) or giving them a venue to express their views ( 33 % ).
About six - in - ten Republicans and Republican - leaning independents ( 61 % ) say that talking about politics with people they disagree with is generally “ stressful and frustrating, ” while about twice as many Democrats ( 63 % ) say the same.
Five of the 10 countries with the largest trade agreements between the U.S. and France have resulted in job creation. The following countries, Japan, and the U.S., had the highest levels of employment creation ( up from 20 % in 2013 ), while the U.S. was the only country with a median of 20 %
The white employment rate stood at 5.8 % in 2013, compared with 5.3 % for blacks and 5.0 % for Hispanics.
78 % of moderate and liberal Democrats have an excellent or good impression of the candidates running for president.
A 57 % majority has an unfavorable opinion of Maduro, while 40 % express an unfavorable view.
around three - quarters of U.S. adults ( 77 % ) said it was very or somewhat likely that fast food workers would be replaced by robots or computers in their lifetimes
About seven - in - ten U.S. adults ( 73 % ) say science has had a positive effect on society
Six - in - ten Democrats and Democratic leaners have a favorable view of the UN, compared with only 45 % of Republicans and Republican leaners, according to a new Pew Research Center survey.
The top sites among today ’s teens include YouTube ( 85 % ), Instagram ( 72 % ) and Snapchat ( 69 % )
Indian Americans are among the most highly educated and fastest - growing ethnic groups in the U.S.. In 2010, 18 % of Indian Americans were employed in science and engineering fields, more than double the share of U.S. adults.
We found that a majority of Americans ( 59 % ) say that science is often in conflict with religion, with only 38 % saying the two areas are mostly compatible.
Most people agree that the economic system favors the wealthy. Majorities in most countries say the gap between the rich and the poor has increased in the past five years. This attitude is particularly prevalent among those who live in advanced economies
in Turkey, Senegal and Mali roughly seven - in - ten respondents completely agreed that religion should be kept separate from government policy. In the U.S., significantly fewer ( 55 % ) expressed that view
Roughly seven - in - ten parents ( 73 % ) say it is unacceptable for a child under the age of 12 to have their own smartphone.
A majority ( 58 % ) of the Arizona state ’s Hispanic population says they disapprove of the law. By contrast, just 31 % of the general public approves of the law.
The first decade of this century witnessed a historic reduction in the share of the global middle class. A decade ago, the middle class accounted for just 7 % of the global middle class.
Currently, 56 % of Americans say they are very ( 26 % ) or somewhat ( 26 % ) confident that the Senate will be fair during the trial.
The largest share of poll workers in the U.S. are ages 65 and older. Around six - in - ten poll workers ages 18 to 29 ( 61 % ) were over 60 years old. This is nearly double the share of poll workers in the early 1980s ( 41 % ).
Among Republicans, Germany is tied for the seventh spot, alongside the U.S., with 27 % of Democrats citing it as a top foreign policy partner compared with 14 % of Republicans.
Currently, 39 % say they followed news about the leak very closely last week, not much different from the 42 % that said this one week earlier. Still, that is down sharply from 59 % in the July 22 - 25 survey.
Global publics oppose some of Trump ’s major policies. We tested five of Trump ’s major national security and foreign policy proposals – withdrawing from the Iran nuclear deal, placing tighter restrictions on people entering the U.S. from certain majority - Muslim nations, pulling out of international climate change agreements, withdrawing from trade deals and building a wall on the Mexican border – and with a few exceptions, they meet with broad disapproval around the world. Over the past decade, U.S. presidents have gotten mixed or negative reviews
Six - in - ten ( 69 % ) Americans say it is more important to reduce the deficit, while nearly as many ( 69 % ) say it is more important to increase federal spending.
Overall, a 56 % majority say conditions in the U.S. are excellent or good, while 37 % say they are only fair or poor.
In the U.S., people with a postgraduate degree are more likely than those with a bachelor ’s degree to say they have a great deal ( 84 % vs. 60 % ) or some degree ( 84 % vs. 57 % )
The situation on the ground in Iraq was the most closely followed news story of the week Roughly three - in - ten Americans ( 32 % ) followed Iraq news very closely and 24 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other
Roughly half of adults ( 49 % ) said gene editing would be less acceptable to them if the effects “ changed the genetic makeup of the whole population, ” versus just 17 % who said it would be more acceptable. When asked about an alternate scenario in which the effects of gene editing are limited to a single person, more Americans said it would be more acceptable than less acceptable ( 34 % to 23 % ).
A majority of the public ( 56 % ) says there are “ other countries that are better than the U.S. ” In comparison, only 14 % of Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents say there are “ other countries better than the U.S. ”.
When Francis began his papacy in March of 2018, 57 % of Americans held a favorable view of him, while 19 % held an unfavorable view and 29 % could n’t give him a rating. Now, six - in - ten Americans express a favorable view of Francis, while 19 % express an unfavorable opinion and just 11 % say they do n’t know enough to be able to rate the pontiff.
By 2100, half of babies born in Africa will be born in the region, while the other half will be.
Most Russians ( 87 % ) believe Putin will do the right thing in world affairs. Only 17 % of Russians think Russia has gained influence in the past 10 years.
Just 25 % currently have a favorable opinion of Congress, down from 69 % in June. And opinions of Congress have remained generally stable over the past two years.
Just 23 % of Tea Party Republicans are willing to compromise.
Strengthening the military remains a top priority for Democrats and Democratic - leaning independents ; 76 % of Democrats say the same. However, Democrats are more likely than Republicans to say that strengthening the military is a top priority – 76 % of Democrats say this.
By about two - to - one, both blacks ( 83 % to 29 % ) and Hispanics ( 63 % to 33 % ) are more likely to say they approve of the health care law than say they disapprove ( 50 % vs. 44 % ). By contrast, 49 % of whites and 49 % of Hispanics say they approve of the law.
A majority of U.S. adults ( 64 % ) say social media have a mostly negative effect on the way things are going in the country today, with Republicans being more likely than Democrats to express that view. The Americans who see a negative effect from social media point to factors including misinformation and the hate and harassment they see on these platforms.
Of the 4,904 refugees admitted to the U.S. so far in fiscal 2018, the lowest numbers have come from the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Syria, Burma ( Myanmar ) and Iraq.
Nearly six - in - ten registered voters who support Trump ( 59 % ) say the country ’s involvement in the global economy is a bad thing. That compares with 44 % of voters who support him for the Republican candidate and just 29 % of those who support the Democratic candidate.
About one - in - five ( 19 % ) say that knowing a friend had voted for class='chrome-extension-mutihighlight chrome-extension-mutihighlight-style-6'>Trump would put a strain on their friendship
Seniors 65 and older, however, think the private marketplace is the most effective way to increase reliance on renewable energy sources by a 50%-41 % margin.
Nearly three - quarters of Republicans and Republican - leaning independents see China unfavorably, compared with 44 % of Democrats and Democratic leaners, and roughly three - quarters of Republicans and Republican leaners view China unfavorably.
Most Americans regret the decision to use military force. Majorities believe the war is not going well, and most say that the United States should bring its troops home as soon as possible. In contrast, when the war began in February 2003 and for quite some time thereafter, the U.S.-led invasion had strong backing from most Americans, and was seen as succeeding quite well.
About half of Americans ( 51 % ) say made - up news and information is a very big problem for the country, while far fewer ( 13 % ) say it is a very big problem.
Fully 68 % of adults say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children or that all children should be vaccinated
Obama continues to be viewed more negatively than other presidential candidates. Overall, a 64 % majority of voters say Obama is having a good influence on the way things are going in the country, while just 44 % say he is having a negative impact.
In 2005, Bush enjoyed a strong approval among his own party, but that has declined to 82 % in the current survey. Among conservative Republicans, Bush ’s approval rating has dropped 15 percentage points ( from 82 % to 62 % ).
Fully 36 % followed news about the campaign very closely and 12 % listed this as the single news story they followed more closely than any other. The national media devoted 6 % of its overall coverage to the campaign
Currently, 45 % say that the United States plays a more important role as a world leader than it did 10 years ago ; 39 % think the U.S. is as important as it was 10 years ago and 25 % think it is more important.
Currently, 80 % of Americans say it is more important to control gun ownership, while 45 % say it is more important to protect the rights of Americans to own guns.
Currently, 41 % say they are “ very ” or “ somewhat ” concerned about Trump ’s ability to serve the country ’s best interests, while 41 % say they are “ somewhat ” concerned.
Fully 58 % of Clinton supporters say they “ can n’t give him a chance to see how he is doing his job. ” Just 39 % say they can n’t give him a chance to see a real person.
About 390,000 babies were born to unauthorized - immigrant parents in 2016, according to a Pew Research Center analysis of U.S. Census Bureau data. This was a decline from 390,000 in 2007, after the Great Recession.
The most common types of injuries related to fireworks are burns, cuts and bruises.
The president ’s approval rating among evangelical Protestants has dropped markedly in recent years, hitting a record low of 55 % in the current survey. However, among those who identify as evangelical Protestants, more say they approve of the president ’s job performance than disapprove of his job performance ( 55 % vs. 55 % ).
The number of occupations requiring higher levels of preparation have increased since 2010. In 2015, 83 % of these jobs required higher levels of preparation. That represents a 21 - percentage - point increase from the previous year, when the number of jobs required increased to 74 million.
Today, half of Americans say the U.S. is the dominant economy, whereas roughly one - third ( 32 % ) name China – an 18 percentage point difference.
Currently, roughly a quarter of Germans ( 24 % ) have confidence in Trump to do the right thing in world affairs, up from roughly a quarter in 2016
Americans see cellphone use as OK in key public spaces, but not in more private or intimate gatherings. For instance, about three - quarters of Americans think it is generally acceptable for people to use their phones while walking down the street ( 77 % ), on public transit ( 75 % ) or waiting in line ( 74 % ). But only 38 % think it is generally OK to use cellphones at restaurants, and very few say cellphone use is OK at a family dinner ( 12 % ), during a meeting (
Only about a quarter of Americans ( 26 % ) say the tone of political debate among political leaders is respectful, while nearly twice as many ( 37 % ) say it is not too or not at all respectful.
A majority of Americans ( 58 % ) say it is too early to tell whether Trump will be successful in the long run ; about as many ( 65 % ) say it is too early to tell if he will be successful. Just 21 % say it is too early to tell if Trump will be successful.
About half of voters ( 50 % ) now say it is more important for a candidate to have new ideas, while 46 % say it is more important for a candidate to have a proven record